<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>keyword</th>
<th>location</th>
<th>page</th>
<th>position</th>
<th>company</th>
<th>jobkey</th>
<th>jobTitle</th>
<th>jobDescription</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>Piezos Technologies, LLC</td>
<td>de311b083e93c5dc</td>
<td>Senior Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;h5 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Wednesday,
06 Jun 2022 BY PIEZOS | PUBLISHED IN IT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h5&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Job Responsibilities:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Location:&lt;/b&gt;Northville, MI. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Technical:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Planning, design and deployment of 5G wireless network
solution using Cisco's cloud native products.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Providing consulting, service delivery as well as technical
support to international customers.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Perform key KPI
analysis as well as delivering key milestones to worldwide customers in
time.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Handle change delivery, change note &amp;amp;
software upgrade / patch implementation.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Lead an
international team of more than 15 engineers to complete delivery of
cutting-edge technologies for network deployments.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Determine viability of solutions by evaluating current
problems, future requirements, existing solutions and customised
programs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Document details through a standardised
process of writing/review test plan, analyse test results and test
metrics, prepare/review/present test reports, cataloging changes made
and recording any special instruction.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Gather and
report information that has been collected, analysed and summarised;
work with management and other special teams to resolve issues or make
changes based on data results.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Research new
technologies, advancements and industry improvements in order to stay
abreast of the latest developments and enhance the success of the
company.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Maintain databases of client information
with the strictest attention to privacy and security.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;Skills Required:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;We require a minimum of a Bachelor’s degree or
equivalent in specialthe ized field of study such as Computer Science,
Information Technology, CIS, Computer Engineering, CIT, or equivalent
technical degree.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;How to
Apply:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Send Resume to
hr@piezostechnology.com or Fax: 248-412-4055&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>Alpha Clinical Systems</td>
<td>b5e216c73e75c11d</td>
<td>Sr. Software Engineer – Cloud Technologies</td>
<td>&lt;p&gt;Our company is looking for a Technical Lead/ Software
Engineer who will be performing following roles and responsibilities:
Develop application and services using Java/J2EE technologies. Implement
Factory and Singleton design patterns in Spring business components.
Develop a business logic using J2EE and hybrid technologies. Build front
end components using JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, Json, CSS. Build
Mobile Apps using Ionic and ReactJS. Consume Web services to get the
product data using WSDL, REST, SOAP. To coordinate with other software
professionals and developers. Evaluate and research the products and
technologies related to software. Experience in Azure Blob Storage and
Azure DevOps, AWS DevOps, C#, .Net, Java/J2EE, SQL Server, MVC, AKS,
Azure DevOps.  Strong Hands-on experience in developing bigdata
applications using Apache Spark, Pyspark, Azure Data Bricks, Azure Data
Factory and Python etc.&lt;br&gt; Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s Degree
in Computer Science/ Information Technology or closely related field. 40
hr wk. M-F. Please mail the resume at Alpha Clinical Systems, Inc. JOB#
5_0321, 15 Corporate Place South, Suite#420, Piscataway, NJ
08854.&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>Reynolds and Reynolds</td>
<td>1e5594bbe80e359b</td>
<td>Entry Level Software Developer</td>
<td>&lt;p&gt;As a software developer you will be responsible for
Reynolds developed application and system software for a wide variety of
environments including client/server applications, browser-based
applications, mobile applications and embedded systems. Our development
platforms include Windows, .NET, Linux, iOS, and Android. Our developers
are responsible for reviewing specifications, providing technical
designs, and coding and testing their own projects.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Requirements:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Bachelor's degree or graduation from a Technical school or
boot camp is a plus but NOT required – training is provided&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;High level of attention to detail&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Self-starter with initiative who takes personal responsibility
and pride in their work&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ability to be productive as
an individual and working on a team&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Leadership
Potential is a plus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Job Type:
Full-time&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Benefits:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;401(k)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;401(k) matching&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Dental insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Health
insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Health savings account&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Life insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Paid time off&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Vision insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Schedule:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;8 hour
shift&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Monday to Friday&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Work Location: In person&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>SDH Systems</td>
<td>885475759ea04be2</td>
<td>Software Developer</td>
<td>&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job
Duties:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Instantiate and
Integrate multiple SharePoint systems (Projects, Procurements,
Issues/Assignments, Facility Requests) with InfoPath form on the
front-end and Nintex workflows supporting the processing and integration
of the related infopath form.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Redefining and
designing muliple automated processing solutions with an intent to
improve the overall functionality of the sharepoint system and
efficiency within the organization.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Implementing
and planning the customizations to the system to ensure the production
system remain operational to reduce the related risks while publishing
the forms or making new changes.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Creating InfoPath
2013 and Nintex 2010/2013 workflow solutions, while documenting the
functionality and technical aspects of the existing system and making
few customization required for better processing of data from the
database into the production system.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Creating
custom columns, content editor, script editor web pages and web parts in
sharepoint designer while using CAML queries to pull the data from
SQL.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Migrating data from existing SharePoint
systems and an MS Access database into the new system and organized
weekly status meetings with users from different roles in the
organization to discuss and implement new plans and projects.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Testing the customizations that have been implemented to
existing and new systems and troubleshooting the user specific and
systems specific issues.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Assigning permission to
users, tools and data based on the role and priority of the personel and
also training users on how to use the product based on their custom view
and user specific personalization.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Create and
Modify SharePoint site Collections with multiple sites, unique
navigational&lt;br&gt; elements, custom content types and site columns,
site pages, web part pages, workflows,&lt;br&gt; retention policies, and
governance policies.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Design and Development of
Single Page Applications and Multipage applications using&lt;br&gt;
SharePoint Designer, jQuery, Bootstrap, JavaScript, HTML, CSS and
AngularJS Hosted on SharePoint Online.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Develop new
user-friendly features, ensuring the technical feasibility of UI/UX
designs.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum Education
Requirement:&lt;/b&gt; This position requires minimum of Bachelor’s
degree in computer science, computer information systems, information
technology, or a combination of education and experience equating to the
U.S. equivalent of a Bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned
subjects.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>ISeeYouCare</td>
<td>9288218564f279f3</td>
<td>Jr. Software Engineer/Developer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;ISeeYouCare, Inc. is a Software development
company specializing in Electronic Medical Records solutions for the
healthcare industry. The Company presently has an opening for highly
motivated Jr. Software Engineer/Developer.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;ISeeYouCare offers a liberal benefits package to include
Employer provided Medical Insurance, vacations, state of the art working
environment and other.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;The following qualifications
are required for this position:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Requirements&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience in client/server software development with .NET
framework using C#.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Advanced knowledge and
experience with SQL and software interaction with databases such as
MySQL, SQL Server, stored procedures, tables, replication, and
triggers.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience with Entity Framework, and
MVC.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience with Ajax, JSON, Java, JavaScript,
AngularJS, Bootstrap and JavaScript&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience
with C/C++ and Crystal Reports a plus.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience
in configuring and deploying IT infrastructure&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;In addition, an ideal candidate:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience in deploying and building solutions in
Microsoft Azure&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Must have strong understanding of
the principles/concepts of object-oriented programming.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Experience or the ability to work with SDKs in the ongoing
development/interfacing of disparate operating systems.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Must be able to debug and understand code developed by
others.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Must be able to provide detailed
documentation of code created and its function.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Ability to meet established and agreed to deadlines.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Project Management. experience using Agile
methodologies&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job
Type&lt;/b&gt;: Full-time&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job
Location:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Evansville, IN (No
others need Apply)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Required
experience:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Java: 3
years&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; JavaScript: 3 years&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
AngularJS and Bootstrap: 2 years&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; C#: 5
years&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; .NET: 5 years&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Software
Development: &lt;b&gt;5 years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Please be sure and include your contact information
(Email Address and Cell Number) in your resume.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>SS&amp;C</td>
<td>3f4a463e96e23795</td>
<td>Associate Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; SS&amp;amp;C is a global provider of
investment and financial services and software for the financial
services and healthcare industries. Named to Fortune 1000 list as top
U.S. company based on revenue, SS&amp;amp;C is headquartered in Windsor,
Connecticut and has 20,000+ employees in over 90 offices in 35
countries. Some 18,000 financial services and healthcare organizations,
from the world's largest institutions to local firms, manage and account
for their investments using SS&amp;amp;C's products and services.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Job Description
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Associate Software
Engineer &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Location: San Francisco, CA – Hybrid
in-office &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; Get to Know the Team
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; SS&amp;amp;C Advent is
seeking an Associate Software Engineer to join our Product Development
Team out of our San Francisco office. In this role, you will be part of
a highly talented, diverse team responsible for building new features
and enhancing existing functionality for our cloud-based SaaS offering,
Advent Market Data product. AMD is a next-generation, cutting-edge,
cloud-based service that facilitates acquiring, normalization, and
integrating market data from premier global market data providers.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; Why you will love it Here!
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Flexibility: Hybrid Work Model
&amp;amp; a Business Casual Dress Code, including jeans&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Your Future: 401k Matching Program, Professional Development
Reimbursement&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work/Life Balance: Flexible
Personal/Vacation Time Off, Sick Leave, Paid Holidays&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Your Wellbeing: Medical, Dental, Vision, Employee Assistance
Program, Parental Leave&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Diversity &amp;amp;
Inclusion: Committed to Welcoming, Celebrating and Thriving on
Diversity&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Training: Hands-On, Team-Customized,
including SS&amp;amp;C University&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Extra Perks:
Discounts on fitness clubs, travel, and more!&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; What You Will Get to Do &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Be a key contributor to the team by taking
ownership of new and current features and components across the breadth
of the solution.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Successfully deliver high-quality
features, including analysis, design, implementation, testing, and
deployment for cloud-based services.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work with
Product Managers to understand business requirements and translate these
into robust technical designs.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work with the QA
team to validate software functionality.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Respond
to escalations in a timely and effective manner.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Actively participates in technical discussions with all
levels.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Documents and communicates feature
implementation &amp;amp; design in Jira stories and in
Confluence.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Works collaboratively on projects with
team members, following agile development practices.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; What you will Bring
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Master’s degree in Computer Science
or a related field from an accredited college or university.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; 0 to 3 years of professional software development experience
with a high-level programming language such as C#, Java, or
Python&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Strong object-oriented design and coding
skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Solid understanding of data structures and
databases&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience or knowledge with any of the
following is a plus: &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Web UI development,
preferably Angular&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; REST API Development&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Document and relational databases such as MongoDB and MS
SQL&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Developing SaaS applications for the Public or
Private Cloud&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Is able to
think creatively and come up with elegant, simple solutions to complex
problems&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; A team player with a stellar can-do
attitude is willing to do what it takes for the team to be
successful&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Strong communication skills to present
and discuss technical designs, problems, and functional
features&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Willingness to collaborate across time
zones. We have clients and team members all over the world, so it is
necessary to be flexible when it comes to working hours when
required.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Effectively manages personal time and
communicates plans and status of projects to stakeholders.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; Thank you for your interest in
SS&amp;amp;C! To further explore this opportunity, please apply through
our careers page on the corporate website at &lt;div&gt;
https://www.ssctech.com/careers/join-ssc &lt;/div&gt;. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
https://www.ssctech.com/hubfs/website/pdf/Privacy-Notice-for-CA-Job-Applicants.pdf
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; #LI-PE1
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; #LI-HYBRID &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Unless explicitly requested or approached by SS&amp;amp;C
Technologies, Inc. or any of its affiliated companies, the company will
not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies,
or fee-based recruitment services. SS&amp;amp;C offers excellent
benefits including health, dental, 401k plan, tuition and professional
development reimbursement plan. SS&amp;amp;C Technologies is an Equal
Employment Opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any
applicant for employment or employee on the basis of race, color,
religious creed, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation,
national origin, disability, veteran status or any other classification
protected by applicable discrimination laws. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; Salary is determined by various factors
including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, job related
knowledge, skills, abilities, business needs, and geographic regions.
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; California: Salary range for the position:
90,000 USD to 110,000 USD. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>Swiftlane</td>
<td>2c1323a1d4cece95</td>
<td>Software Engineer: Frontend</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;About
Swiftlane&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;p&gt;Swiftlane is an early stage, VC
funded startup based out of San Francisco. We are a strong team of over
30 members, working on creating a very unique and modern experience for
building security. Swiftlane provides the ability to open doors using
just face recognition. Swiftlane’s products allow visitors to start two
video intercoms from a door, to a person and remotely unlock doors. It’s
designed to modernize the access control experience for offices and
large apartment buildings. Our founding team built many great
experiences at companies like Facebook, Instagram, and Lyft Self driving
team.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h2 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job
Description | Software Engineer: Frontend&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Are you interested in working on an early stage startup in San
Francisco, with a team of strong talented engineers in a fast paced
environment? Every day you would get to make key technical decisions and
design and implement complex systems from scratch. Here are some
examples of projects you would work on:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;What &lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;You Would
Do&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Develop on a modern admin
dashboard against React, Redux, Typescript&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work on
modern technologies like webrtc video calling, browser push
notifications, completely responsive designs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Develop a modern marketing website using React, Gatsby,
GraphQL&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work alongside a strong backend and design
team&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Required Technical
Skills&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Robust knowledge of
JavaScript required&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 3+ years experience with
React&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 2+ years experience with
Typescript&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Strong Experience with Redux,
React-Thunk, Webpack, React hooks, SASS&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Desire to
develop clean, reusable, modular front end application code&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Experience developing single page apps in either React, Vue,
Angular. We use React.js.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Knowledge of video chats
and WebRTC is a plus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience in working with
real time systems using websockets is a plus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Experience in full stack and backend development (nodejs, python) is a
strong plus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ability to move fast and deliver on
your project to completion and iterate&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ability to
write well tested code&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Understanding of GitHub and
git based workflow&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience in building machine
learning / deep learning models or platform is a strong added
bonus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non Technical
Skills&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;p&gt;High sense of ownership and desire
to build an incredible product.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Ability to
communicate and articulate effectively in English with team members
across the globe. We look for effectiveness around written and verbal
communication, and less about how fast you can speak.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;It’s important that you take initiative to make things better,
constantly improving the code base as well as overall system
reliability.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;It’s important that you are looking to
have a personal impact through your work, inside the company.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Interested and flexibility to work as a remote engineer. Open
to working with PST time zone overlap.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Apply&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;To apply for this position, send an email to
contact@swiftlane.com with the link to this job posting and a little
information about yourself. We look forward to talking with
you!&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>Sanford Federal, Inc.</td>
<td>92af0f1b5e754e7e</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;We are a dynamic and innovative technology company
looking for a skilled Software Engineer to join our team. As a Software
Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, coding, testing, and
debugging software applications. We offer a collaborative and creative
work environment where you can contribute to cutting-edge
projects.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Responsibilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Collaborate with cross-functional teams to analyze, design,
and implement software solutions.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Write
high-quality, clean, and maintainable code in languages such as Java,
C++, Python, or JavaScript.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Develop software
architecture and design documentation.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Debug and
resolve software defects and issues in a timely manner.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Collaborate with QA engineers to develop comprehensive test
plans and conduct thorough testing.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Stay updated
with emerging trends and technologies in software
engineering.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Document software designs, technical
specifications, and project implementations.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Qualifications:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering,
or related field.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Proven experience as a Software
Engineer or similar role.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Proficiency in one or
more programming languages (Java, C++, Python, JavaScript,
etc.).&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Solid understanding of software engineering
principles, data structures, and algorithms.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience with software development tools, version control
systems, and bug tracking systems.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong
problem-solving skills and ability to work independently as well as in a
team.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent communication skills, both verbal
and written.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Familiarity with agile development
methodologies is a plus.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Benefits:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Competitive salary and performance-based
incentives.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Comprehensive health, dental, and
vision insurance plans.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Retirement savings plans
and company matching contributions.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Flexible work
hours and opportunities for remote work.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Professional development and training programs.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Casual and collaborative work environment.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Job Type: Full-time&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Work
Location: Remote&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>nuArch</td>
<td>40d4fcff89a24990</td>
<td>Junior Software Developer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;nuArch&lt;/b&gt; is looking for an
enthusiastic junior software developer to join our experienced software
design team. You will report directly to the development manager and
assist with all functions of software coding and design. Your primary
focus will be to learn the codebase, implement unit tests, bug fixes,
and features, and respond to requests from senior developers.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; To ensure success as a junior software developer, you should
have a good working knowledge of basic programming languages, the
ability to learn new technology quickly, and the ability to work in a
team environment.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h3 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;
Responsibilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Assisting
the development manager with all aspects of software design and
coding.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Attending and contributing to company and
project development meetings.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Learning the
codebase and improving your coding skills.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Writing
and maintaining code.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Working on bug
fixes.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Implementing new features and
functionality.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Responding to requests from the
development team.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Writing unit tests and developer
testing their code.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; Requirements:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Bachelors degree in computer science.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Knowledge of basic coding languages, ideally Java,
JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular, or React.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Basic
programming experience.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Knowledge of databases and
operating systems.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ability to learn new software
and technologies quickly.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ability to follow
instructions and work in a team environment.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt; We offer a competitive salary, 401k, and various other
benefits. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;$60,000 to $80,000 base salary.
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;This is a hybrid role requiring
2-3 days a week at the office in NYC - either downtown Manhattan or
downtown Brooklyn. We do not offer visa sponsorship.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>Public Storage</td>
<td>ba1721a90f68d191</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;Company Description&lt;/b&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Public Storage is recognized as one of
&lt;b&gt;America’s Best Large Employers &lt;/b&gt;in 2022 by Forbes and
our employees have also voted us as a &lt;b&gt;Great Place to Work in
2022 &amp;amp; 2023&lt;/b&gt;, having &lt;b&gt;Best Career
Growth&lt;/b&gt;, ranked us in the Top 5% for &lt;b&gt;Work
Culture&lt;/b&gt;, and in the Top 10% for &lt;b&gt;Diversity and
Inclusion&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; With more than 3,200 locations
nationwide, Public Storage is the leader in the self-storage industry,
and given our number of tenants, we may very well be the world's largest
landlord. We've experienced unprecedented growth over the past five
decades, and it's in no small part due to the dedicated team that has
helped us become an S&amp;amp;P 500 industry leader, the country's
largest real estate investment trust (REIT), and the most recognizable
name in self-storage.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;
Workplace&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; One of our
values pillars is to work as OneTeam and we believe that there is no
replacement for in-person collaboration but understand the value of some
flexibility. Public Storage teammates are expected to work in the office
five days each week with the option to take up to three flexible remote
days per month.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Our office is
based in Plano, east of I75 near E. Park Blvd, just North of Historic
Downtown Plano.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; Job
Description&lt;/b&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; The Software Engineer engages
directly with IT development, technical delivery teams, enterprise
architects, resource managers, operations support teams and vendors to
ensure the successful design, development and delivery of technology
based solutions including a specialization in internal and
consumer-facing web solutions, and front-end development.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Responsibilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Participates
in the design, development and implementation of complex applications,
often using new technologies, software, hardware and tools.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Responsible for solving technical and complex problems; go-to
person for UI related technical issues&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Participate
in brainstorming sessions with associates to determine best
solutions&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Develops/designs integrated solutions to
resolve technical issues&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Establishes successful
working and support relationships with cross-functional leaders and
staff as well as third party vendors&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Required .Net
web development and expected to provide application support.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
Qualifications&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; 3+ years of
experience as a software engineer or developer&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Strong client-side and server side development using C# and ASP.net or
.NET Core&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Strong skills at profiling application
both on server-side and client-side&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Able to work
in a team environment and focus on deadlines and deliverables&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Understands technical solutions and business impact of the
solution&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ability to work in a Lean-Agile
environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Knows how to diplomatically present a
challenging position; is able to positively influence others without
resorting to authority&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Must have excellent
background and understanding of HTML5, CSS3, Kendo, node.js as well as
Web Sockets&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Expert level knowledge in at least one
advanced JavaScript framework such as Kendo, React, Angular,
etc…&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience with front end frameworks such as
Bootstrap, react.js&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Single Page Application/JS
Templating/Client side MVC&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experienced in .NET
framework development. i.e. .NET MVC, .NET Core, web API&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Application development using MVVM, MVC, Restful WebAPI
services, WCF, SOLID principles, OOPs, Dependency Injection, Inversion
of Control (IoC), Multi-threading.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Optional
experience with some common front-end development tools such as NPM,
SASS and LESS&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt; Additional
Information&lt;/b&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; All your information will be
kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>Origami Risk LLC</td>
<td>75a5100b16261fae</td>
<td>Associate Full Stack Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Overview: &lt;div&gt; We have an immediate opening for
an Associate Full-Stack Engineer to join our growing development team.
As an Associate Full-Stack Engineer, you will provide feedback on
existing products and contribute to the design of new product features.
You will build intuitive and highly scalable web applications using the
Microsoft stack. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; Starting base pay for this role is between $75,000 and
$100,000. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as
transferable skills, work experience, business needs, training,
location, and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change
and may be modified in the future. This role will be eligible for a
bonus as well as competitive medical, dental, and vision benefits,
wellness reimbursement, life insurance, and a 401(k) with company match.
We offer vacation and sick leave benefits (under a flexible time off
policy in most states). &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; Origami Risk is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We
thrive and benefit from diversity and are committed to creating an
inclusive and equitable environment for all employees. We do not
discriminate against any individual based upon race, religion, gender
(including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual
orientation, gender identity, gender expression, color, sex, national
origin, age, marital status, military or veteran status, disability, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law. &lt;/div&gt;
Responsibilities: &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Develops software and tools in
support of design, infrastructure, and technology platforms, including
operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases,
cloud-based and Internet-related tools. &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Provides
feedback on existing product and contribute to the design of new product
features.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Builds intuitive and highly scalable web
applications using the Microsoft stack. &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Builds
entire features across all layers (database, services, and Web
UI).&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Builds responsive web applications that work
across different screen sizes.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Tests software
development methodology in an agile environment.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Provides ongoing maintenance, support and enhancements in
existing systems and platforms.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Collaborates
cross-functionally with business users, project managers and other
engineers to achieve elegant solutions.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Provide
recommendations for continuous improvement.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work
alongside other engineers on the team to elevate technology and
consistently apply best practices.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Other duties as
assigned.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; Qualifications: &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Bachelor’s Degree Required&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;2+ years of
programming experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Technology expertise must
include ASP.NET, MVC, SQL Server, C#, HTML/CSS, and
JavaScript&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with building mobile
applications using Xamarin or React Native is a plus&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Strong communication skills, intelligence, and drive; must be
able to work in a self-driven manner within a fast-paced,
entrepreneurial environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ability to quickly
learn, apply new technologies&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with
Scrum/Agile development methodologies is a plus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; Who We
Are&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Origami Risk is a leading
provider of integrated SaaS solutions for risk management, insurance,
safety, and compliance. We've designed our single-platform, cloud-based
software to be easily configurable to meet the needs of insured
corporate and public entities, brokers and risk consultants, insurers
and MGAs, third party claims administrators (TPAs), risk pools, and
more. To fulfill our singular focus of helping our clients achieve their
business objectives, our software is supported by a best-in-class
service team of experienced risk, insurance, and safety professionals
who have an ideal balance of industry knowledge and technological
expertise. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
Since its founding in 2009, Origami Risk has received more than two
dozen awards for service excellence, technology innovation, and
workplace culture. In addition to inclusion in Deloitte’s Technology
Fast 500™, a ranking of the 500 fastest-growing tech companies in North
America, Origami Risk also has been repeatedly recognized by Inc.
magazine as one of the “Best Places to Work” and Best and Brightest®
Companies To Work For in the Nation by the National Association for
Business Resources (NABR). &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>Maxpro</td>
<td>d6cc03672f99eba5</td>
<td>Software Engineers</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Build Java and Cloud engineering in developing
scalable, resilient and secure applications. Create technical designs
(Activity Diagrams/Sequence Diagrams, API service specifications and
message models) by working closely with Technology and Business
partners. Perform root cause analysis of production issues and help team
deploy fixes to resolve the issues. Design and develop API first and
services/microservices oriented architecture. Worked on HTML, CSS,
Angular and JavaScript. Accept Bachelor with 5 yr exp as Master. Primary
worksite is Farmington Hills MI, but relocation is possible. Req: Master
degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or related with 6
months experience as Software Engineer or Developer or Analyst or Intern
or Consultant.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>The Hartford</td>
<td>9219ced5cde2782a</td>
<td>Associate Cloud Engineer (Hybrid)</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Associate Cloud Engineer - IE08IE
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; We’re determined to make a
difference and are proud to be an insurance company that goes well
beyond coverages and policies. Working here means having every
opportunity to achieve your goals – and to help others accomplish
theirs, too. Join our team as we help shape the future. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; The Hartford’s Enterprise
Billing and Audit organization is looking to transform billing landscape
and we are looking for a highly motivated Cloud Engineer to play a key
role in supporting this effort. This role will be part of our release
train, working in close partnership with architects and development
teams to migrate applications into Cloud as well as design and develop
new applications. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; This is a technical role,
that will be part of an agile team and partner with a vendor to achieve
business outcomes on a large transformational program. The Solutions
built should be based on Hartford’s architectural standards, business
requirements, technology roadmap and industry trends. The primary
objective is to enable our customer experience and speed to market while
providing flexibility and scalability to execute on the broader
Enterprise Billing and Audit Strategic Roadmap. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Successful candidates will be
expected to demonstrate experience in delivering quality technical
solutions that are stable, performant, and secure. Solid technical
acumen, excellent leadership skills, partnership and collaboration
skills are plus. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; Responsibilities /
Job Description: &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Use AWS for
building, deploying, and migrating legacy applications to Cloud. Amazon
Web Services usage includes but not limited to Lambda, CloudWatch, ECS,
EKS, RDS, S3, IAM, SNS, SQS, EventBridge, AWSBatch, AWSDirectory,
Service Catalog.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Writing and using scalable and
secure API's.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Enhance or convert existing
components in Oracle relational database technologies.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Leverage architectural standards and safeguard the integrity
of the application environment, in alliance with architect and tech
lead.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Design and implement new software
architecture patterns in Cloud that are scalable, reusable, secure, and
cost efficient while adhering to industry standards such as multi region
support with fault tolerant and data replication strategies.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Use DevOps and CI/CD tools. Develops Infrastructure as Code
(IaC) using CloudFormation templates, YAML files, build specifications,
and Python Lambda functions to have a completely automated build and
release process for all AWS resource infrastructure and code
artifacts.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Implements proactive monitoring and
observability to predict and detect abnormal system behaviors, with
timely alerts avoiding system impacts. Troubleshoot problems with
software and infrastructure.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Provide concise,
transparent communications about potential risks, mitigations, and
business impacts quickly.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Present new ideas to
leadership and bring forward improvement opportunities as
learnings.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Communicate clearly and professionally
both in speech and in writing.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Design solutions
and be able to understand technology trade off risks and rewards for the
best customer value delivery.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Function as the
go-to technical subject matter expert for the software application
migration to cloud and integration aspects.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Share
knowledge with team members (including Sourcing Partners) regarding
development guidelines and best practices.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Attention to detail and ability to manage multiple priorities in a
fast-paced environment.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Take ownership to drive
innovation for effectively leveraging technology to solve the customer
problem.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Minimum Qualifications: &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Bachelor’s
degree in computer science, Math, or any Engineering.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Must have an active AWS associate certification.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; 3+ years of hands-on experience in application software
solution development and execution. Software development knowledge using
AWS resources like Lambda, CloudWatch, ECS, EKS, RDS, S3, IAM, SNS, SQS,
EventBridge, Route 53, VPC, AWS Batch, AWS Directory, Service Catalog is
preferred.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 2+ years of hands-on experience with
Java and J2EE technologies, such as, Java Web Services, JMS, XML, JSON,
JDBC etc. Along with experience in creating Web Service (SOAP and Rest)
using Java Spring boot. Understanding of Batch and MQ is preferred.
Experience with one or more relational database technologies such as
Oracle Database.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 3+ years of systems design
experience along with continuous integration and DevOps
methodologies.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience in front end
technologies like angular is a plus.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Understanding
of microservices, swagger and APIC is a plus.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Experience using GitHub, Jenkins, Docker, uDeploy , Rally, checkmarx etc
or AWS CodePipeline, AWS CodeBuild, AWS CodeDeploy and AWS
CodeStar.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Infrastructure as Code experience, like
CloudFormation, Terraform, CDK is a plus.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Proven
ability to work with cross functional teams.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Possess analytical, problem solving and communication skills. Ability to
communicate at all levels within an organization and influence
leadership.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Awareness of full software development
life cycle practices and the ability to follow source code management,
code quality and testing practices.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Familiar with
Agile methodology. Experience working in an Agile or SAFe development
environment.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Demonstrates high-level of
independence, self-motivation, good judgment, and active listening
skills.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Preferred Qualifications: &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Hands-on
experience with AWS resources like Lambda, CloudWatch, ECS, EKS, RDS,
S3, IAM, SNS, SQS, EventBridge, AWSBatch, Service Catalog is a
plus.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Technical knowledge of AWS application
development and Data Integrations.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Hands-on
experience on relational database like oracle.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Compensation &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; The listed annualized base pay range is primarily based on
analysis of similar positions in the external market. Actual base pay
could vary and may be above or below the listed range based on factors
including but not limited to performance, proficiency and demonstration
of competencies required for the role. The base pay is just one
component of The Hartford’s total compensation package for employees.
Other rewards may include short-term or annual bonuses, long-term
incentives, and on-the-spot recognition. The annualized base pay range
for this role is: &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; $99,360 -
$149,040 &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Equal Opportunity
Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disability/Sexual
Orientation/Gender Identity or Expression/Religion/Age &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Applanix</td>
<td>8a92c5cd47a5f271</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Your Title: &lt;/b&gt;Software
Engineer &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job Location: &lt;/b&gt;Remote
United States | Westminster, CO (Preferred) &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Our Department: &lt;/b&gt;SketchUp | Construction
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Are you a Software
Engineer/Developer that wants to be at the heart of analyzing,
designing, and programming cutting-edge software enhancements and new
products in a collaborative environment? &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;What You Will Do
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;As a member of the engineering team,
you’ll be working to deliver a next-generation 3D modeling experience -
built for modern designers working together. We’re looking for someone
who is highly skilled, motivated, collaborative - and pretty low-key
about it all. You should already have some experience writing
user-facing applications and have a ‘quality-first’ mindset, and you’re
excited to roll up your sleeves for the next big challenge. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Troubleshoot, enhance, and improve C++
modeling engine code &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Analyze
network communication and message processing on server and client layers
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Develop client-side code for
SketchUp clients &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;What Skills &amp;amp; Experience You Should Bring
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;BS/BA degree in
Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience using type-safe
programming languages &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience using asynchronous programming paradigms
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Knowledge of Web standards and
protocols including HTML, CSS, and client-server architecture
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience with software
development methodologies and best practices &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Strong problem-solving skills and eagerness to learn
new technologies. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Bonus Skills/Experience: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;3+ years of experience developing web or
native applications &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience
using various web technologies including TypeScript, Vue.js, Sass,
WebGL, Webpack, and Node.js &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience using C++, CMake, Emscripten
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Solving data consistency
problems &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Deserialization of
untrusted data &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Scalable
communication infrastructure &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Peer-to-peer networking &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience creating customer-facing UI
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience with automated
testing (Cypress.io) &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience
in design, graphics, 3D software. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience with AWS &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h1 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;About
Trimble &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h1&gt; &lt;p&gt;Dedicated to the world’s
tomorrow, Trimble is a technology company delivering solutions that
enable our customers to work in new ways to measure, build, grow and
move goods for a better quality of life. Core technologies in
positioning, modeling, connectivity and data analytics connect the
digital and physical worlds to improve productivity, quality, safety,
transparency and sustainability. From purpose-built products and
enterprise lifecycle solutions to industry cloud services, Trimble is
transforming critical industries such as construction, geospatial,
agriculture and transportation to power an interconnected world of work.
For more information about Trimble (NASDAQ: TRMB), visit:
&lt;i&gt;www.trimble.com &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;About Our SketchUp Division &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Part of Trimble, SketchUp is one of the most popular 3D
modeling and design tools in the world. Today, millions of architects,
engineers, contractors, woodworkers, artists, and other creatives use
our software to design transit centers, treehouses, and everything in
between. We support a healthy work/life balance and high-quality
standards for software and coffee. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Trimble’s Inclusiveness Commitment
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;We believe in celebrating our differences.
That is why our diversity is our strength. To us, that means actively
participating in opportunities to be inclusive. Diversity, Equity, and
Inclusion have guided our current success while also moving our desire
to improve. We actively seek to add members to our community who
represent our customers and the places we live and work. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;We have programs in place to make sure our
people are seen, heard, and welcomed and most importantly that they know
they belong, no matter who they are or where they are coming from.
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Trimble’s Privacy Policy
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;#Engineering &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h2 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pay
Equity &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Trimble
provides the following compensation range and general description of
other compensation and benefits that it in good faith believes it might
pay and/or offer for this position. This compensation range is based on
a full time schedule. Trimble reserves the right to ultimately pay more
or less than the posted range and offer additional benefits and other
compensation, depending on circumstances not related to an applicant’s
sex or other status protected by local, state, or federal law.
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Hiring Range:
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;122642 &lt;ul&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;165466
&lt;ul&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Bonus Eligible?
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;Yes &lt;ul&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Trimble offers
comprehensive core benefits that include Medical, Dental, Vision, Life,
Disability, Time off plans and retirement plans. Most of our businesses
also offer tax savings plans for health, dependent care and commuter
expenses as well as Paid Parental Leave and Employee Stock Purchase
Plan. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; Trimble is proud to
be an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and embrace our &lt;br&gt;
candidates' diversity and take affirmative action to employ and advance
individuals &lt;br&gt; without regard to race, color, sex, gender
identity or expression, sexual orientation, &lt;br&gt; religion, age,
physical or mental disability, veteran status, pregnancy (including
&lt;br&gt; childbirth or related medical conditions), national origin,
marital status, genetic &lt;br&gt; information, and all other legally
protected characteristics. We forbid discrimination and &lt;br&gt;
harassment in the workplace based on any protected status or
characteristic. A criminal &lt;br&gt; history is not an automatic bar to
employment with the Company, and we consider &lt;br&gt; qualified
applicants consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; The Company is also committed to
providing reasonable accommodations for &lt;br&gt; individuals with
disabilities, and individuals with sincerely held religious beliefs in
our job &lt;br&gt; application procedures. If you need assistance or an
accommodation for your job, contact &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
AskPX@px.trimble.com &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>KPA</td>
<td>8d0d406bc97cd039</td>
<td>Software Developer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Founded in 1986, KPA is a leading provider
of Environment, Health &amp;amp; Safety (EHS), and Workforce Compliance
software and consulting services. We succeed if our clients can send
their employees home at night, having not experienced a workplace
accident or injury. The combination of software, consulting, and
training helps clients identify, remedy, and prevent workplace safety
and compliance problems so they can focus on what’s important – their
core business. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Help us
help keep people safe and businesses working efficiently. Named as one
of&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;Built In Colorado’s Best Places to Work&lt;b&gt;
&lt;/b&gt;for five years in a row, KPA is made up of talented
individuals working together for the greater good. We’re here to help
our clients build safe, thriving organizations, and we’re looking for
people with a common goal to help us do it. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; Position
Description: &lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; As a member of the
Technology team, the Software Developer will play a crucial role in
delivering modern, web-based software based in the Microsoft Stack of
technologies (Including Angular, REST API, .NET Core, Entity Framework
core, SQL Server). Must be enthusiastic about working in a team
environment, quality, and unit testing - we aim to get it right the
first time! The successful candidate has experience creating scalable
solutions and delivering high quality software for KPA’s Software as a
Service (SaaS) products. This role will primarily work on development
for our Vera Suite platform, an all-in-one compliance solution for
automotive dealerships. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt; The Software Developer will be responsible for the
following:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;In the first 2 weeks, you
will:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Have a running
development environment confirmed by successfully building the code base
for the existing product. &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Accept, estimate,
develop and test a set of low-priority defects associated with one
product.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Have the solutions peer reviewed and
passed prior to check-in&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; In the first 30 days, you
will:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Have a minimum of two
features ready for delivery following the defined development process
and deploy the features to production.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Contribute
towards the planning, tasking, execution and delivery as defined by an
agile development environment that includes reporting time against
tasks, estimation of effort, code reviews and commitment to
delivery.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; In the first 90 days, you
will:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Demonstrate development
productivity and quality on par with the other team members through the
daily input of status information. All developed code will be highly
scalable, high-quality, object-oriented, and comply with KPA
standards.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Demonstrate either the ability to
design and develop: a) rich user interfaces using standard compliant
technologies, b) C# service/business/data layers and other distributed
processing components, c) back-end tools to help with builds,
deployments, troubleshooting.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; In the first 6 months, you
will:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Collaborate with team
members, project managers, product managers and other senior executives
on identifying and documenting the technical tasks.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Contribute to the analysis, solution designs and
implementations of major new system components&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;h3 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; By the end of the first
year you will have:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Demonstrated functional knowledge of KPA’s SaaS platform to the point of
leading feature development for multiple components of the
platform&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Provide mentorship and guidance toother
team members on technology, design, and best practices.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;
Qualifications:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Solid
experience with .Net Stack - C# Visual Web Development, .net CORE,
Entity Framework core, SQL Server&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience in
REST API architecture patterns&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience in
enterprise software using Object Oriented programming, n-tier design,
and service-oriented architecture&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Angular
experience desired, experience with SPA applications required (Rxjs and
Reactive Forms)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience developing and
designing rich user experience (JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, CSS, HTML,
XML)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Passionate about unit testing – Xunit and
Jasmine frameworks&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience working in a scrum
environment with well defined definition of done&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Experience with Git or other source control systems.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Committed to deliver great software solutions, with a deep
sense of personal ownership and passion for working with all types of
Software Developers and QA Analysts &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work ethic
that corresponds with KPA’s core values: Integrity, Helpful, Excellence,
Agile, Restpectful, Teamwork &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with build
automation tools and continuous integration &amp;amp; continuous
delivery (with VSTS/Azure DevOps) a plus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Experience building applications in a cloud environment is a
plus.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; BS or MS degree in Computer
Science/Engineering or equivalent experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Creative and passionate about cutting edge technologies and continuous
personal and team improvement&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Desire to serve as
coach and mentor to more junior team members, and providing support and
partnership to team leaders&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; Compensation:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Annual base salary between $100-120k commensurate
with experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Bonus up to 10%
annually&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; This is a full-time, exempt
position&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; Physical
requirements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Physical demands
described here are representative of those that must be met by an
employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with
disabilities to perform the essential functions.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div&gt; - Working at a computer typing and view a screen -
Constantly &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; - Stationary sitting or standing -
Constantly &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; - Visual Recognition - Constantly
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; - Hearing/Listening - Occasionally &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; - Communicating verbally and/or in writing - Occasionally
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; - Travel - Seldom &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; Don’t meet every job
requirement? At KPA, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive,
and authentic workplace. Studies have shown that women and people of
color are less likely to apply unless they meet every requirement. If
you’re excited about the role but your past experience doesn’t align
perfectly with every qualification, we still encourage you to apply! You
might just be the right candidate for this or other roles. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; As a growing company
KPA&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;values its employees by supporting them with a
full benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Flexible
Spending Accounts, PTO, Paid and Floating Holidays, 401k with Company
match and immediate vesting, Company-funded Life Insurance, Employee
Assistance Programs, and Pet Insurance. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; About
KPA&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; Founded in 1986, KPA is a leading provider of Environment,
Health &amp;amp; Safety (EHS), and Workforce Compliance software and
consulting services. KPA solutions help clients identify, remedy, and
prevent workplace safety and compliance problems across their entire
enterprise. The combination of KPA's software, consulting services, and
award-winning training content helps organizations minimize risk so they
can focus on what's important—their core business. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; We are passionate about
what we do, how we do and why we do it. Our culture is driven by the KPA
core values – Integrity, Helpful, Excellence, Agile, Respectful, and
Teamwork. Success will be determined by the capabilities, energy and
character of the people we bring into our organization and the
performance they achieve. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; KPA, with headquarters in Colorado and teammates
throughout the United Sates, is recognized as one of Colorado's Best
Midsize Places to Work by Built In Colorado for 2024. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; “To be ranked in Built
In’s Best Places to Work Awards is a recognition of KPA’s dedication to
creating a team of outstanding professionals and our efforts to create a
positive and safe workplace culture for everyone,” said Chris Fanning,
KPA President and CEO. “I believe we’ve developed a high caliber
organization comprised of passionate people who are experts in their
respective fields and deliver great value to our customers.”
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; KPA is
committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment
practices, including selection, hiring, promotion, transfer, and
compensation, to all qualified applicants and employees without regard
to race, religion, religious dress/grooming, color, ethnicity, sex
(including sex stereotyping), sexual orientation, gender identity or
gender expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, creed,
uniform service member status, military or veteran status, marital
status, pregnancy, breast-feeding and/or pregnancy-related conditions,
age, protected medical condition, leave status, physical or mental
disability, genetic characteristics, or any other legally-protected
status in accordance with the requirements of all federal, state and
local laws. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be
required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States
and to complete the required employment eligibility verification
document form upon hire. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; If you need assistance or an accommodation due to
a disability, you may contact us at hr@kpa.io. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>Visual Matrix</td>
<td>8596c0f628165627</td>
<td>Software Engineers / Developers</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;h1 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Our Benefits Set
Us Apart&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h1&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Insurance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Three outstanding medical plans provided by Aetna – company
pays up to 85% of the premiums &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; $500 deductible
plan, $1500 deductible plan and High Deductible Health Plan&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Medical plans provided by Aetna include 24/7 Nurse Line and
Teledoc with access to virtual appointments for physical and mental
health providers&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Dental
insurance provided by Sun Life paid 100% by the Company&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Vision insurance provided by VSP paid 100% by the
Company&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; $50,000 life and accidental death policy
provided by Sun Life paid 100% by the Company&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Short-term and Long-term Disability insurance available provided by Sun
Life&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax Savings
Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Health Savings Account for medical
costs&lt;br&gt; Flexible Spending Account for medical costs&lt;br&gt;
Dependent Care Spending Account for day care and adult care
costs&lt;br&gt; Transportation Savings Account for public transportation
costs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 401k plan provided by Vanguard&lt;br&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; No waiting period – immediate
eligibility&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 100% match for the first 3% deferred,
50% match for the next 2% deferred&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Make changes
anytime&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Financial advisor available anytime to
help you manage your investments&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Work/Life
Balance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Discretionary Time Off – DTO&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; No waiting period – immediate
eligibility&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Open-ended policy (not limited to a
“bank” of time)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Take time off when you need it,
for any reason&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;
Fully Paid Parental Leave&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt; 12 weeks of paid leave -100% of your pay&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Birthing or non-birthing parents, adoptions, foster care
placement&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;
Hybrid Work Environment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Work where you want&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Equipment for your
home office provided&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Beautiful, spacious office
space available to work in-office, located in Richardson, TX&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Wellness
Offerings&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Employee Assistant Plan (EAP) 100% paid by the
Company&lt;br&gt; Services offered (but not limited to):&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Confidential Emotional
Support (Anxiety, depression, stress, grief, life
adjustments)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work-Life Solutions (finding
child/elder care, hiring movers, planning events, pet care)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Legal Guidance (divorce, adoption, family law, wills,
trust)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Financial Resources (retirement, taxes,
mortgages, budgeting)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Online Support (articles,
podcasts, videos, slideshows, on demand training)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Help for New Parents (preparing emotionally/financially, child care,
going back to work)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Free Online Will Preparation
(specify your wishes, funeral/burial instructions, choose a guardian for
your children)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;
Connected Mind 100% paid by the Company&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Provides clinically validated screening tool that
screens for 6 common connected mental health issues including suicide
risk.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Completely anonymous&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Contains access to mental health resources&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Each
report contains code for a medical professional to access a full
clinical version&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Noom Membership 100% paid by the Company&lt;br&gt; Noom is a
psychology-based program that helps people lose weight and meet their
personal goals – from weight management to diabetes prevention to stress
reduction&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;
One-on-one support by dedicated goal specialist&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Daily articles that cover the psychology of weight loss, behavior
change, nutrition &amp;amp; exercise&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Peer
groups&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt; Attain
by Aetna app – included with any medical insurance plan&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Get a free apple watch or
earn points to get gift cards from many retailers&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Set your own personal physical goals&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;Visual Matrix is always looking for enthusiastic
people passionate about driving results through collaboration and
know-how in a positive and fun environment! &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Technology professionals looking utilize their
talent in a busy, results driven environment with a strong comradery,
are encouraged to join our team! Our team of developers implement new
features to existing products, quickly diagnose and respond to
productions system problems and set standards for coding practices, and
provide infrastructure for raid and consistent development. Some key
focuses are:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Task
Flow – working with leaders to break down task requirements, implement
and assign tasks&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Bug Flow – investigate, confirm,
diagnose and fix performance problems&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Engineering
Flow – journaling system problems, provide new or updated infrastructure
in the development process&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>nCoders Technology Solutions</td>
<td>7d188250edb131f1</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job ID:- &lt;/b&gt;A120216-07&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Job
Function:- &lt;/b&gt;Information Technology&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Position:- &lt;/b&gt;Full Time, 40 Hrs/Wk&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Hours:- &lt;/b&gt;9:00 AM to 5:00 PM&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Job
Location:- &lt;/b&gt;FL, TX &amp;amp; other unanticipated locations
across the US&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;No. of Positions:-
&lt;/b&gt;Multiple&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Job Description:-&lt;br&gt;
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Creating SVM/VERITAS file systems and disk
management. &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Managing patches and packages
&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Managing user accounts and their updating.
&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Managing the problems associated with boot
process. &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Managing NFS in client-server
architecture with Auto mount feature. &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Knowledge of
NIS + &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience in Solaris Zones and Containers
&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Installing and Configuring VERITAS Volume Manager
&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Creating volumes according to the production
requirements &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Performing growing and shrinking of
the volumes &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Implement RAID 0,1,0+1,1+0 and Raid 5
volumes &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Installing and Managing of VERITAS
&amp;amp; Sun Clusters &lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt;Required minimum
qualification:- &lt;/b&gt;Bachelor's degree (or an equivalent) in a
direct and closely related field. &lt;b&gt;Technologies:
&lt;/b&gt;Object Oriented Analysis of OOAD using C++. Web development
using JavaScript, HTML, CSS JQuery. PL/SQL for writing Procedures,
Package and Triggers. C++ Test Framework for Gmock testing.
&lt;b&gt;Tools &amp;amp; Utilities:&lt;/b&gt; C, C++, PL/SQL, GMock,
OOP, LINUX/UNIX, Windows OS, GIT and Putty. &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Send Resume:
hr1@ncoderstech.com&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>True Image Interactive</td>
<td>c7c4db3293217878</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Key
Responsibilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Designing,
coding, and testing technical solutions&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Identifying
system deficiencies and recommending solutions&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Meeting aggressive development deadlines and
schedules&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Creating prototypes for business user
approval&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Documenting application functionality and
programming&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Creating and executing unit,
integration and system test scripts, manual and automated&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Accurately preparing written business correspondence that is
coherent, grammatically correct, effective, professional and
engaging&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Managing day-to-day tasks productively,
without management direction&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Other duties as
assigned&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Desired Skills &amp;amp;
Experience&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;BS in Computer
Science or other technical discipline, or the equivalent in work
experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;3+ years of object oriented software
development experience in building Java based applications on?Spring
framework&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong XML skills&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience with JavaScript/jQuery&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience with other technologies including: MySQL, REST,
JSON, JAXB&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Demonstrated ability to transition
between multiple products as needed based on release planning
requirements&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong skills in use case definition,
resolution and writing functional and detailed design
specifications&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Detailed understanding of common
architectural and design patterns and the ability to establish high
quality practices among the team members&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ability to
do agile development with a geographically distributed team&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience working in an Application Service Provider (ASP) or
Software as a service (SaaS) environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Extreme
prejudice for writing highly efficient server side code&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience with unit testing frameworks&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;High energy, passionate team player with excellent verbal and
written communication skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Must be able to work
independently as well as in small groups to solve problems&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;High initiative and self-motivated to exceed project
expectations&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Proven people skills with an emphasis
on teamwork&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Passionate about creating great
software&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;About True Image
Interactive&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;p&gt; True Image Interactive
(formerly GetAbby) is revolutionizing the way people connect with
technology using the world?s first HUMAN Intelligent Virtual Assistant.
By combining the proven power of &lt;i&gt;human interaction&lt;/i&gt; to
engage customers, build brand loyalty, and guide informed
decision-making with our proprietary artificial intelligence, natural
language processing, and speech recognition technology, our human
avatars are blowing the lid off scalability challenges for client
partners across healthcare, contact centers, retail, government, and
beyond.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Tecture</td>
<td>37555f7183467bc5</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Tecture is seeking a software engineer
experienced in Microsoft web and database technologies. The ideal
candidate has a range of experience, such as ASP.NET MVC, C#, SQL
Server, stored procedures, payment gateways, and APIs.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Your primary responsibility is
to help our clients (ranging from financial services to non-profits)
keep their mission-critical systems online and functioning smoothly.
This involves development of new features and functionality, debugging
production issues, and working collaboratively with many other team
members in a fast-paced environment.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; You will also have the opportunity to design and
develop new software solutions from the ground up. Recent new projects
included an event ticketing system serving music venues, a
document-sharing customer portal, an electronic funds transfer system
for a consortium of libraries, and a customer support ticketing
system.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Education and
experience are less important than your ability to write elegant code,
definitively debug complex issues, and invent unique solutions. Your
work will directly impact our efforts with a rapidly growing client list
and the long-term success of our company as well as the success of our
clients!&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
Required Skills&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience developing and maintaining Microsoft
applications&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;ASP.NET MVC, C#&lt;br&gt; &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;SQL Server, SQL and relational database design
experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong coding, debugging, and
problem-solving skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong verbal and written
communication skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Highly motivated individual
with passion for learning new technologies&lt;/li&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;BS or equivalent degree in computer science&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Desired Skills&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Design and development of
REST-based APIs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;SQL stored procedures&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Knowledge of object-oriented development and design
patterns&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Understanding of networking concepts, such
as firewalls&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience maintaining a Windows
Server production environment (Windows Server, IIS, SQL
Server)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;
Tecture's office is located in downtown Chicago, however, currently, we
are working remotely, and will transition back to in office when it is
safe to do so.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Our
team is a dedicated bunch that love to help our clients make their
businesses successful. We work collaboratively over a variety of remote
channels (Zoom, Basecamp, Slack, etc.) and enjoy our Friday Slack Coffee
and regular standup meeting.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Our benefits include 401(k) with match and a full
range of insurance including health, dental, vision, long and short-term
disability, and life insurance. We offer generous vacation time,
scheduled summer half days, and a nice end-of-the-year break.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; If this is up your alley, please
apply with your résumé and include code samples/portfolio. We look
forward to meeting you.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Full-time, on-site only.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; NO RECRUITERS, NO H1B,
NO F1, Sorry, we will not transfer or sponsor visas.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Please note that due to the
large volume of résumés we receive, we regret that it is not possible to
respond to everyone who applies.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>Datanetiix Solutions</td>
<td>9266b88c8df8857c</td>
<td>Software Developers</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employment Type:&lt;/b&gt;
Full time&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Position:&lt;/b&gt;
Permanent&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location:&lt;/b&gt;
Oklahoma&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Period of Employment:&lt;/b&gt;
03/01/2023 – 02/28/2026&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>First American Financial Corporation</td>
<td>741d929bd10cce1e</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;h2 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Who We
Are&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Join a team that
puts its People First! As a member of First American’s family of
companies, FirstFunding, operates as a non-depository (non-bank) company
offering warehouse lending facilities. These facilities help provide
necessary funding capability to non-delegated correspondent lenders,
correspondent lenders, community banks and credit unions. First Funding
services roughly 300 accounts currently and is growing! Since 1889,
First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people.
They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate
about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and
empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our
inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous
accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to
Work For® list for eight consecutive years. We have also earned awards
as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and
have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists.
First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all.
For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h2 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; What We
Do&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; HOW
YOU’LL CONTRIBUTE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Research,
design, write, unit- tests, implement and maintain new software
applications.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Build tools to be used by
Development and by our Functional QA Teams&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Build
test automation suites to ensure the quality of guest impacting
products&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Modify and enhance existing
applications.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Prepare detailed specifications from
which programs will be modeled, configured, implemented, tested and
debugged.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; May develop business relationships and
integrate activities with other IT departments to ensure successful
implementation and support project efforts&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Report
to management on the status of project efforts, identify issues that
inhibit the attainment of project goals and implement corrective
actions.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Required to perform duties outside of
normal work hours based on business needs.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Other
duties as assigned&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; WHAT YOU’LL BRING &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Required Education, Experience,
Certification/Licensure&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Bachelor's
Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Minimum 1 year experience working with Adobe ColdFusion
2021&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; KNOWLEDGE,
SKILLS, AND ABILITIES (KSAs)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Familiarity with various application development languages and
platforms&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Familiarity with multi-tiered software
applications&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Constantly updating personal
technical knowledge and skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Pay Range: $67,000-$95,000&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; This hiring range is a reasonable estimate of the base pay
range for this position at the time of posting. Pay is based on a number
of factors which may include job-related knowledge, skills, experience,
business requirements and geographic location&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h2 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; What We
Offer&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; By choice, we
don’t simply accept individuality – we embrace it, we support it, and we
thrive on it! Our People First Culture celebrates diversity, equity and
inclusion not simply because it’s the right thing to do, but also
because it’s the key to our success. We are proud to foster an authentic
and inclusive workplace For All. You are free and encouraged to bring
your entire, unique self to work. First American is an equal opportunity
employer in every sense of the term.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive
benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick
leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase
plan.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>Adalitek Group</td>
<td>f7a4c8996269c8c3</td>
<td>SOFTWARE ENGINEERS - I</td>
<td>Software Engineer - I &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Design, develop and
execute measurement tools to estimate program impact plus enable
customers to validate training spends,Develop and provide internal
training programs to prepare and promote instructional design skills of
teams, &lt;br&gt;Record requirements, utilize cases, sequence diagrams,
understanding architecture diagrams ,data flow diagrams within
organization, &lt;br&gt;Responsible to Day-to-day operational and
functional support of applications and coordinating various business
teams, Integration Teams, &lt;br&gt;Build, release upgrades for the
application using the following tools Java, Microsoft, Oracle, SQL
Server, Teradata, Angular JS, JavaScript, XVIL, Node JS, J2EE, Hadoop
BigData, Cloud,PRING and Hibernate &lt;br&gt;This position requires an
individual need 1 - 3 years of design, analysis and development
experience with Bachelor's degree in Computer Science,
&lt;br&gt;Computer Information Systems Information Technology or related
field to perform these job duties, Send Resumes to hr@adalitekgroup.com:
HR Dept.,Adalitek Group,LLC. 1825 W. Walnut Hill Ln., Suite 120, Irving,
TX 75038.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>Coralogix</td>
<td>8ac624f74e62abfb</td>
<td>Full-stack Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Coralogix is rebuilding the path to
observability using a real-time streaming analytics pipeline that
provides monitoring, visualization, and alerting capabilities without
the burden of indexing.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; By enabling users to define
different data pipelines per use case, we provide deep Observability and
Security insights, at an infinite scale, for less than half the
cost.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; We're looking for engineers who love
TypeScript, Scala and Rust to join our team and develop modern,
cloud-native production systems that process terabytes of data every
day. In this role, you will develop our Angular web application in
TypeScript, use Scala with ZIO, Rust and other exciting technologies on
the backend, with everything deployed in AWS on Kubernetes. Our tech
stack includes Rust, Scala, ZIO, Kafka, Elasticsearch, and
more.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;h4
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Requirements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; At
least 5 years of software development experience.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
2 years of experience developing and operating Scala-based systems in
production.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experienced developing with functional
programmings and modern effect systems, such as ZIO or Cats
Effect.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 2 years of experience building web
applications in TypeScript.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience with
deploying systems to Kubernetes.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Excellent written
and verbal communication skills.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;
Advantageous:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience working with
gRPC and Protobuf&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Commercial experience developing
and operating production systems in Rust&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>Quality Manufacturing Systems (QMSI)</td>
<td>f658265a151c5c5e</td>
<td>Software Developer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Employee Type :
Full-Time&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Job Type: Information Technology,
Engineering, Manufacturing&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Education: 4-Year
Degree&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience: None&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Manages Others: No&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Relocation:
Yes&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Industry: Computer Software,
Manufacturing&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Required Travel: Up to 40%&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job
Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;p&gt;Quality Manufacturing Systems,
Inc., specializes in manufacturing automation controls and systems
integration. Our primary focus is custom high-end systems, serving
customers worldwide. Our customers range from small companies to large
factories with thousands of employees. We have immediate openings for
software developers who want a challenging profession and enjoy travel.
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h3 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Responsibilities
include&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Analyze, modify, and
develop custom programs in C++ and C#&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Test and
debug programs completed by self and other programmers&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Employ best practice and QMSI coding standards for existing
and new projects&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work directly with customers
during project development, deployment, and support&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Work in a self-directed manner to plan, manage, and accomplish
multiple tasks and assignments to meet required deadlines&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job
Requirements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt; &lt;p&gt;Minimum Requirements
include:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Education: Bachelor's Degree or
higher in Computer Science&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong hands-on
expertise in Windows applications&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Hands-on
expertise in at least two programming languages&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Hands-on expertise in at least one query language&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Hands-on experience in installation and configuration of
Windows 7, 8, 10 or later OS.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Must be able to work
independently in a fast-paced environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Must be
able to work in a team and understand the importance of teamwork,
collaboration, and open communication&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Must possess
ability to effectively present technical information and respond to
questions&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Must be available for overtime and
weekends when necessary to meet schedules and to install modifications
to online production facilities&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency</td>
<td>5acae068e481cb9c</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;PHEAA is a nonprofit student aid organization
that holds a mission of providing affordable access to higher
education.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt; Give back tomorrow by joining us
today!&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Salary: &lt;/b&gt;Grade 15
($60,000-$70,000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Shift&lt;/b&gt;: Monday
through Friday 8:00 AM-5:00 PM&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Location:
&lt;/b&gt;Harrisburg, PA. Hybrid work schedule (Must be in commutable
distance from Harrisburg, PA)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Department:
&lt;/b&gt;Enterprise Systems&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h3
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;div&gt; This position provides application and database
administration, system design, installation, and upgrade support at a
moderate level. It will support PHEAA’s various commercial software
products. This role is skilled and works on projects with medium
complexity. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Primary
Duties and Responsibilities &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;Application Administration&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Participate in the planning and
coordination of moderately complex application software installations,
patches, hot fixes, or maintenance to several Commercial Software
products operating in a multiple platform environment, including but not
limited to Linux, and Microsoft Windows. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Collaborate with vendors, system
administrators, developers, and other departments within PHEAA to
support and complete a variety of tasks (e.g. assist in the system
configuration design, support complicated client workstation issues,
help integrate systems with commercial software products, correct system
problems and etc.) across various test and production systems.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Assist with planning,
coordinating, implementing and documenting security measures using
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) methodologies.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Provide user
provisioning for various software applications (e.g. add, rename, and
delete users). &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Collaborate with various proprietary administration tools to handle
database modifications and application configuration. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Assist in planning and/or
implementing third party software installations, or maintenance in a
Linux or Windows/SQL server client server environment. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Promote software customizations
through the various test, quality assurance and production systems.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Improve and monitor
performance. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Research
(e.g. trouble shoot issues, identify needed upgrades, remain current on
new technology, and Tier 3 support) using internet, vendors, and
coworkers. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Search
application and database logs to debug applications, email flow,
database corruption, and database performance issues. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt; Database
Administration&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Maintain/Update/Create database maintenance scripts for
PHEAA’s commercial software. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Continual support for PHEAA’s disaster recovery plan.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Use monitoring tools to
monitor database and application performance and use the information to
improve the system. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Project Management &amp;amp; Communication&lt;/b&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Manage moderately
complex application, upgrades and etc. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Partner with other Information
Technology (IT) personnel, functional users and vendors to provide
guidance, manage project implementation or users support. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Mentor less experienced Software
Engineers. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;
Upgrade Management&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Evaluate upgrades of moderately complex software to
determine changes needed before implementation or how to leverage
upgrade functionality. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Required to stay current in industry specific knowledge. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;Other Duties and
Responsibilities&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Provide weekly status updates, time reporting, and
participate in team meetings. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Responsible for documentation, tracking, controlling,
&amp;amp; prioritizing open projects. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Comply with the Agency’s enterprise
security and privacy policies and departmental procedures. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Other duties as assigned.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Essential Duties and
Responsibilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;This position
requires participation in a 24x7x365 on-call rotation. The frequency of
the rotation depends on the number of members in the team. On-call
requires carrying a cell-phone and responding to calls within the agreed
upon timeframe set within PHEAA’s standards. Internet connectivity from
home is required as part of the on-call rotation.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Required Skills &lt;br&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Bachelor degree in Information Technology (IT) related field
and two to four years of experience in application administration,
database administration or any equivalent combination of experience,
training, and/or certification(s).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Knowledge of SQL
Server database concepts&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Competent skills to debug
and dig deeply into one specific task to uncover root cause and provide
solution(s).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Proficient use of the Linux, and
Windows operating systems and scripting.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Understand
client/server and web architectures.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Understand Safe
Agile concepts&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Solid knowledge and concepts of
purchased commercial systems – maintenance, upgrades and
customizations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Understand concepts,
characteristics, and capabilities of information technology hardware,
software and networks.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Experience leading a
project.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Possess ability to mentor others.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Demonstrated ability to influence all types of individuals to
those that are not direct reports.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Analytical,
critical thinking and organizational skills.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Problem
solving skills and the ability to focus attention on detail.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Possess excellent written and verbal communication
skills.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Proven documentation skills and
habits.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Code/build/configure application solutions
from specifications provided by Business Analysts or commercial
vendor.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; This position will support a federal
government contract. Applicants must be able to obtain Public Trust
security clearance as required of federal government contractors to
include a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine
eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public
trust or sensitive positions. For this level of clearance, the federal
government requires applicants to possess U.S. citizenship. &lt;b&gt;In
light of this federal government requirement, PHEAA will be unable to
hire applicants without United States citizenship for such
positions.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt; PHEAA’s environment welcomes and supports
our employees, customers, and stakeholders; we seek out and value
differing perspectives and contributions. Our organizational culture
promotes diversity, equity, and inclusion at all levels of the
organization.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Required Experience &lt;br&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Bachelor's degree&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3PL Systems, Inc.</td>
<td>e3adb972d5600b27</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;p&gt;3PL Systems, Inc. is growing! We are looking for a highly
skilled software developer (mid-level, not senior) to join our ranks.
You will be part of a growing team working on developing a enterprise
level solution for the Transportation industry.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Responsibilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Design and implement new features into Brokerware.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Provide feedback to the team&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Qualifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Strong experience with .Net Core (C#)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Strong experience with Angular 7 or greater&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Strong experience with consuming Web API endpoints.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Strong MS SQL Experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Typescript
Experienced Preferred&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Git/TFS source control
preferred&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Understand of how to build out and manage
unit tests&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Works well in a team
environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent written and oral
communication skills are a requirement&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Desired Education/Experience:Work Authorization:
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Must be able to verify and be
eligible to work in the US&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;3+ Years experience
using C#, MVC, XAML/WPF, Web API&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Bachelors Degree
in Computer Science or related fields OR experience within the
field&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
Duties:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;This posting is not intended to be
an all inclusive list of job duties and responsibilities. You may be
asked to perform additional related job duties outside of what has been
listed in this posting.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;If you read all of the above,
please put in your job application to the posting "READIT"&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Job Type: Full-time&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Pay: $75,000.00 -
$105,000.00 per year&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Benefits:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;401(k)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;401(k) matching&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Dental insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Flexible
schedule&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Health insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Paid
time off&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Parental leave&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Retirement plan&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Vision
insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Compensation
package:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Bonus opportunities&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Experience level:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;2
years&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Schedule:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;8 hour shift&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Monday to Friday&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Work Location: Remote&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>Global Payments</td>
<td>e21da2190bf2e2b1</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Every day, Global Payments makes it possible
for millions of people to move money between buyers and sellers using
our payments solutions for credit, debit, prepaid and merchant services.
Our worldwide team helps over 3 million companies, more than 1,300
financial institutions and over 600 million cardholders grow with
confidence and achieve amazing results. We are driven by our passion for
success and we are proud to deliver best-in-class payment technology and
software solutions. Join our dynamic team and make your mark on the
payments technology landscape of tomorrow. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Zego is a technology company that automates
work for property management companies and homeowner associations. We
aim to create a world with extraordinary living experiences that are
delivered effortlessly, serving 7,000+ customers and 15+ million units
nationwide. Zego’s workflow automations help clients to digitize all
resident and homeowner payments, completely offload utility management,
and simplify operations at apartment buildings with a modern mobile app.
Join our dynamic team and make your mark on the property technology
landscape of tomorrow. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;About the role: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Zego is
currently seeking a Software Engineer to support and develop new
features for our Payment Management Platform. The ideal candidate will
be a driven, team player working in a small focused development team.
The Engineer will participate in the planning, designing and developing
of new feature functionality, as well as troubleshooting and updating
existing applications. The engineering team at Zego uses the Lean/Agile
development methodology. A high degree of teamwork and proactiveness are
essential for this position. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Why you should work here: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Opportunity to work on modern
technologies, architectures and best practices &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Exciting team environment promoting collaboration
across teams and functions &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;An
engineering culture that dedicates time to learn and practice new
technical skills &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Fun company
events and in-office perks &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;What you’ll do here:
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Work with internal
stakeholders to understand and refine business requirements
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Participate design of technical
software solutions based on business requirements, architectural design
guidelines, and inputs from subject matter experts (SMEs)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Implement and maintain
modularized software components in accordance with the design of
technical solutions &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Create
effective unit tests for software modules that plug into the CI/CD
pipelines. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Attend ceremonies of
the Agile development processes as implemented at Zego
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Participate in structured
self-learning events and share with team members &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum
Qualifications: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;2
years’ experience as a Software Engineer &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Solid understanding on object-oriented programming
principles &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Hands-on experience
with analyzing, writing and optimizing complex SQL statements
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Knowledge of MVC design pattern
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Fluent with Git tools and
platforms &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Strong understanding
of web services (SOAP and REST) and single-sign-on (SSO)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Knowledge of web technologies;
HTML5, CSS, JavaScript &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Ability
to demonstrate advanced software engineering concepts, design patterns
and illustrate examples of working with software that integrates with
third party solutions &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Proven
ability to communicate effectively with other business stakeholders
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Preferred Qualifications: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Bachelor’s Degree in Computer
Science/Software Engineering or a related field preferred, but not
required &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience working
with at least one of the leading OOP programming languages. Including,
but not limited to PHP, Java &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience working with JavaScript platforms and
frameworks, specifically Node.js and React.js &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience integrating third party APIs
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Experience with NoSQL databases
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Knowledge of Cloud Service
Providers (especially AWS) &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Knowledge of modern ORM frameworks
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;The US base salary range for this full-time position
is $70,000 - $105,000 + bonus (if applicable) + benefits. Individual pay
is determined by work location and additional factors, including
job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Zego is a property
management automation company that simplifies cumbersome yet critical
workflows for managers and associations. Our modern platform accelerates
Net Operating Income growth and mitigates risk, helping clients to scale
resources, build trust, and make data-backed decisions. Zego seamlessly
integrates with leading property management systems, giving users
real-time and accurate information at their fingertips. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Since its inception in 2003, Zego (a Global Payments company)
has evolved from a leading payments provider to a comprehensive property
management automation platform. With more than 350 employees and the
backing of a Fortune 500 company (NYSE: GPN), Zego serves 7,000
residential real estate companies and over 15 million units nationwide.
Learn more about what makes Zego one of the best workflow automation
platforms for property management at gozego.com. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Global Payments Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Global Payments provides equal employment
opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without
regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national
origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender
identity or expression, disability, veteran status, genetic information
or any other basis protected by law. Those applicants requiring
reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process
should notify a representative of the Human Resources
Department.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>Helix Tech IT Solutions</td>
<td>794dbc5ead7c8a68</td>
<td>Software Developer</td>
<td>&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;About us&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;We are
professional, agile and our goal is to We are an E-verified staffing and
recruiting company. We help candidates get full-time jobs directly on
the company's payrolls..&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Our work environment
includes:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Modern office
setting&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Food provided&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Responsibilities:&lt;br&gt;- Develop high-quality software
solutions using Python, C, and other programming languages.&lt;br&gt;-
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new
features.&lt;br&gt;- Write clean, maintainable, and efficient
code.&lt;br&gt;- Troubleshoot and debug software issues.&lt;br&gt;-
Perform code reviews to ensure adherence to coding standards.&lt;br&gt;-
Participate in Agile development processes and ceremonies.&lt;br&gt;-
Develop and maintain RESTful APIs.&lt;br&gt;- Work with Linux-based
systems and AWS cloud services.&lt;br&gt;- Utilize React Express for
front-end development.&lt;br&gt;- Design and implement database
solutions using MySQL.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Experience:&lt;br&gt;-
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field.&lt;br&gt;-
Proven experience as a Software Engineer or similar role.&lt;br&gt;-
Strong proficiency in Python, C, and other programming
languages.&lt;br&gt;- Experience with RESTful API
development.&lt;br&gt;- Familiarity with Linux operating
systems.&lt;br&gt;- Knowledge of AWS cloud services.&lt;br&gt;-
Experience with front-end development using React Express.&lt;br&gt;-
Familiarity with Agile development methodologies.&lt;br&gt;- Strong
problem-solving skills and attention to detail.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;We
offer competitive compensation packages, including benefits such as
medical insurance, retirement plans, and paid time off. Join our team of
talented Software Engineers and contribute to the development of
cutting-edge software solutions. Apply now!&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Job Type:
Full-time&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Pay: $112,802.00 - $124,846.00 per
year&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Benefits:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;401(k)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;401(k) matching&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Dental insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Flexible
schedule&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Flexible spending account&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Health insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Health savings
account&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Life insurance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Paid
time off&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Parental leave&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Relocation assistance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Tuition
reimbursement&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Vision insurance&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Compensation package:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Bonus opportunities&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Signing
bonus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Schedule:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;8 hour shift&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Education:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Master's
(Preferred)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Experience:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;REST: 1 year (Preferred)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Java:
1 year (Preferred)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Work Location:
Remote&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Tecture</td>
<td>923ddbd6f9a7b621</td>
<td>Software Engineer - Remote</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Tecture is seeking a disciplined, self-directed
software engineer with a drive to solve problems and complete projects.
The ideal candidate will be experienced in Microsoft web and database
technologies as well as having a range of experiences such as ASP.NET
MVC, C#, SQL Server, stored procedures, payment gateways, and
APIs.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Your primary
responsibility is to help our clients (ranging from financial services
companies to nonprofit organizations) keep their mission-critical
systems online and functioning smoothly. This involves development of
new features and functionality, debugging production issues, and working
collaboratively with other team members in a fast-paced
environment.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; You will
also have the opportunity to design and develop new software solutions
from the ground up. Recent new projects included an event ticketing
system serving music venues, a document-sharing customer portal, aan
electronic funds transfer system for a consortium of libraries, and a
customer support ticketing system.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Education and experience are less important than
your ability to write elegant code, definitively debug complex issues,
and invent unique solutions. Your work will directly impact our efforts
with a rapidly growing client list and the long-term success of our
company as well as the success of our clients!&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Required Skills&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience developing and maintaining Microsoft
applications&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;ASP.NET MVC, C#&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;SQL Server, SQL and relational database design
experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong coding, debugging, and
problem-solving skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong verbal and written
communication skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Highly motivated individual
with passion for learning new technologies&lt;/li&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;BS or equivalent degree in computer science&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Desired
Skills&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Design and development of
REST-based APIs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;SQL stored procedures&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Knowledge of object-oriented development and design
patterns&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Understanding of networking concepts, such
as firewalls&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience maintaining a Windows
Server production environment (Windows Server, IIS, SQL
Server)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt;
We cultivate a casual, fun, collaborative environment. Most of Tecture's
team is located in the Chicagoland area. On rare occasions, travel may
be required to meet with a client or for semi-annual team meetings. You
do not need to reside in the central timezone, however, you will be
expected to work with the team in CST hours.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Our team is a dedicated bunch
that love to help our clients make their businesses successful. We work
collaboratively over a variety of remote channels (Zoom, Basecamp,
Slack, etc.) and enjoy our Friday Slack Coffee and regular standup
meeting.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Our benefits
include 401(k) with match and a full range of insurance including
health, dental, vision, long and short-term disability, and life
insurance. We offer generous vacation time, scheduled summer half days,
and a nice end of the year break.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; If this is up your alley, please apply with your
résumé and include code samples/portfolio. We look forward to meeting
you.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Full Time - US
Eligible Candidates Only&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; NO RECRUITERS, NO H1B, NO F1, Sorry, we will not
transfer or sponsor visas.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; Please note that due to the large volume of résumés
we receive, we regret that it is not possible to respond to everyone who
applies.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>nCoders Technology Solutions</td>
<td>07643976632759e0</td>
<td>Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job ID:- &lt;/b&gt;A120216-06&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Position:- &lt;/b&gt;Full Time, 40 Hrs/Wk&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Hours:- &lt;/b&gt;9:00 AM to 5:00 PM&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Job
Location:- &lt;/b&gt;FL, TX &amp;amp; other unanticipated locations
across the US&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;No. of Positions:-
&lt;/b&gt;Multiple&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job Description:- &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Hands on working on Change, Incident and Problem Module
&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Service now, Remedy, HP Service Manager
&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Enforcing &amp;amp; reviewing the Change
management policies and processes for the account and ensuring the
process is being followed as per Global standard. To also highlight
&amp;amp; provide improvements for the Change process &amp;amp; to
escalate if necessary for any process issues. &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Change control system (CCS) – Ticketing tool &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Digital workflow next generation (DWNG) – Ticketing tool
&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Tivoli workload scheduler –Batch processing tool
&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Enterprise Service List (ESL) – CMDB Tool
&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Produce daily report to all delivery teams, for
visibility of Incident, Change&amp;amp; Problem records, and
highlighting the pending Problem tickets that requires next action by
the team involved &lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt;Required minimum
qualification:- &lt;/b&gt;Bachelor's degree (or an equivalent) in a
direct and closely related field. &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Technologies:
&lt;/b&gt;Object Oriented Analysis of OOAD using C++. &lt;br&gt; Web
development using JavaScript, HTML, CSS JQuery. &lt;br&gt; PL/SQL for
writing Procedures, Package and Triggers. &lt;br&gt; C++ Test Framework
for Gmock testing. &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Tools &amp;amp;
Utilities:&lt;/b&gt; C, C++, PL/SQL, GMock, OOP, LINUX/UNIX, Windows OS,
GIT and Putty. &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Send
Resume: hr1@ncoderstech.com&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>Millennium Software and Staffing Inc.</td>
<td>db85c6a48e2b2ef5</td>
<td>Senior Java Developer</td>
<td>&lt;p&gt;Role: Senior Java engineer&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Duration:
Long term/Full-time&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;required Skills : java, spring
boot, microservices , angular , cloud&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Job Type:
Full-time&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Schedule:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;8
hour shift&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Experience:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Java: 3 years (Required)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Work Location:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Multiple
locations&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;Work Remotely:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Temporarily due to COVID-19&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Work Location: Multiple locations&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>Zifo</td>
<td>efe50541dff451f2</td>
<td>Sr. Software Engineer/ Technical Lead</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Zifo is hiring! We are looking for a Sr.
Software Developer Technical Lead / Cloud computing Leader to join our
team. This person will be responsible for demonstrating proactive,
positive, and open communication to promote a productive, team-oriented
work environment. Execute all assigned project tasks and
responsibilities, considering all activities and deliverables' quality,
completeness, and timeliness. Modify behavior and priorities to respond
effectively to changes in the work environment or assigned activities.
Understand the current and future business processes. Think globally to
ensure the overall technical solution integrity and vision for the
project, considering new possibilities for technical
solutions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;
Responsibilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Serve as the
senior developer and principal designer for application development and
implementation efforts.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Provide comprehensive
consultation to business units and IT management and staff at the
highest technical level on all phases of application programming and
process implementation for diverse development platforms and computing
environments (e.g., host-based, distributed systems, client-server,
software, hardware, technologies, and tools, etc.).&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Responsible for translating functional specifications into
application design specifications, including but not limited to creating
application architectures, hardware and software configuration
specifications, relational database schemas, and component/class
specifications.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Interact closely with the Business
Systems Analysts, the client user community, IT management, and staff to
identify technical solutions or a combination of available
alternatives.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Coordinates and facilitates
application design sessions with development staff.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Reviews all technical aspects of a software implementation
effort, including monitoring technical deliverables for consistency and
quality.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Qualifications:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Minimum of 4 years of continuous, diverse work experience in
IT with a minimum of four-year expertise in application development
using structured methodologies or its equivalent in education and work
experience.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;In-depth knowledge of systems
development life cycle, client area's functions and systems, and
technological alternatives in application design and
development.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Working Knowledge inn-tier application
architecture, COTS (vendor application), and SaaS models with
interfaces; web service integration.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Solid
understanding of programming languages (Python &amp;amp;
Java).&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience in system development,
configuration, implementation, and support&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience working with and applying best practice design
patterns for system integrations.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong ability to
analyze the overall architecture of systems, including hardware and
software requirements, and identify solutions for solving technical
problems.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Competency in working at the highest
level of system modeling and implementation phases.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Knowledge of different database types (Oracle, NoSQL, and
distributed storage environments)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Continuous
Integration/Continuous Development (Development Operations) methods and
DevOps capabilities.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Cloud services (Amazon Web
Services, Azure) methods/capabilities, including container technologies
and Linux Administration&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Understanding of IaaC
(Infrastructure as Code) – Terraform and Cloud formation.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience working with Commercial Off-the-Shelf (COTS)
products. Experience in implementing and deploying COTS
software.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent communication skills,
analytical ability, leadership skills, judgment, and the ability to work
effectively with clients, IT management, and staff.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Lead the design and development of technical work products and
provide technical direction in all phases and streams of activity within
the project lifecycle.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience in making
presentations.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;A successful Zifo-ite is:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Independent, Self-Motivated &amp;amp; Results
driven.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Willing &amp;amp; able to quickly acquire
new Technical Skills &amp;amp; Business Principles.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;A critical thinker who possesses logical reasoning.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Curious and always looking for creative solutions to complex
problems.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Benefits:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; CURIOSITY
DRIVEN, SCIENCE FOCUSED, EMPLOYEE BUILT. Our culture is unlike any
other, one where we debate, challenge ourselves, and interact with all
alike. We are a curious bunch, characterized by our passion to learn and
spirit of teamwork. Zifo is a global R&amp;amp;D solutions provider
focused on the industries of Pharma, Biotech, Manufacturing QC, Medical
Devices, specialty chemicals and other research-based organizations. Our
team’s knowledge of science and expertise in technology help Zifo better
serve our customers around the globe, including 7 of the Top 10
Biopharma companies.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; We look for Science –
Biotechnology, Pharmaceutical Technology, Biomedical Engineering,
Microbiology etc. We possess scientific and technical knowledge and bear
professional and personal goals. While we have a “no doors” policy to
promote free access within, we do have a tough door to walk in. We
search with a two-point agenda – technical competency and cultural
adaptability.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; We offer a competitive compensation
package including accrued vacation, medical, dental, vision, 401k with
company matching, life insurance, and flexible spending
accounts.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; If you share these sentiments and are
prepared for the atypical, then Zifo is your calling!&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Zifo is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity
at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion,
color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status,
veteran status, or disability status.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>ManTech</td>
<td>aa2817f08648271b</td>
<td>Cloud Software Engineer, Senior</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Secure our Nation, Ignite your
Future&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;
Join a new and exciting opportunity to protect national security and
provide premier mission focused IT services for a dynamic and growing
program. Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and
customer-oriented &lt;b&gt;Cloud &lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Software
Engineer&lt;/b&gt; to join our team in &lt;b&gt;Annapolis
Junction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;, &lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;MD&lt;/b&gt;. In this
role, you will provide cloud software research, development, and
engineering services to include requirements analysis, software
development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement,
sustainment, testing, validation, and issue
diagnosis/resolution.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; Responsibilities include, but are not
limited to:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Design, implement, integrate and test new features
and capabilities for cloud native service
offerings.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Understands the
basics of versioning tools such as but not limited to
Git.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Conduct containerization
and container deployment training sessions, which include hands-on
software configuration and programming exercises.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; Basic
Qualifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; With the most recent
experience being no more than (1.5) years past, a minimum of sixteen
(16) years of experience programming with at least one (1)
object-oriented language, such as but not limited to Java, Python, C++
or Go, or sixteen (16) years of experience building large platforms by
integrating open source or commercial software together with automation
scripting.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Demonstrated
experience designing and developing applications in a Linux operating
environment. • (U) 5 years functional experience with containerization
technologies like Docker&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; 8
years functional experience deploying applications to container
orchestration technologies such as but not limited to
Kubernetes&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; An additional two
(2) years of experience may be substituted for all minimum requires
listed above with an active Certified Kubernetes Application Developer
status. This may be stacked with active CKA status.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; An additional two (2) years of experience may be
substituted for all minimum requires listed above with an active
Certified Kubernetes Administrator status. This may be stacked with
active CKA status.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; An
additional one (1) year of experience may be substituted for all minimum
requires listed above with a status of an Open-Source project maintainer
in open industry.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Preferred
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Qualifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Experience
building large platforms by integrating open source or commercial
software together with automation scripting.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Demonstrated experience designing and developing
applications in a Linux operating environment.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Experience with containerization technologies like
Docker.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Experience deploying
applications to container orchestration technologies such as but not
limited to Kubernetes.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; Security Clearance
Requirements:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Current/Active TS/SCI with
Polygraph&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Physical
Requirements:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt; Sedentary work, speaking, standing, talking,
walking, working with computers, working with data, working with numbers
and figures, ability to handle stress &amp;amp; work under pressure,
ability to use MS Office and a PC, analytical or critical thinking
skills, leadership and listening skills, multi-tasking, ability,
negotiating skills, oral &amp;amp; written communication skills,
presentation skills, project management ability and skills, computer
operating skills, and team building skills.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; 6.26.BP.SH.AB.AL.23&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; For
all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that
is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is
contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any
necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain
questions for export control purposes, and that information will be
reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law.
ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose
access to export-controlled technology or software source code may
require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on
that basis alone.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; ManTech
International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively
fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not
discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of
race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental
disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran,
Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services
Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; If you require a reasonable accommodation
to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant
system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703)
218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer -
minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply.
ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement
agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal
opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes
from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited
services.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; If you are a qualified
individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right
to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability
to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a
result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click
careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact
information.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Spero LLC</td>
<td>c7b8dc032f54fedb</td>
<td>Senior Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer &lt;br&gt; Location: Ft
Worth, Texas (50% on-site role) &lt;br&gt; Job Description: &lt;br&gt;
We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Sr. Software Engineer to
join our team and design, develop, implement, document, and support
various internally developed Train Control Systems, including Positive
Train Control (PTC), Train Sheets, and various supporting .NET
applications/services, with a focus on Safety and High Availability. The
ideal candidate will use technology systems/applications development
experience to analyze requirements, evaluate design alternatives, and
develop software solutions that meet business objectives. &lt;br&gt; Key
Responsibilities: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Design, develop,
implement, document, and support various internally developed Train
Control Systems&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Use technology systems/applications
development experience to analyze requirements, evaluate design
alternatives, and develop software solutions that meet business
objectives&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;The applications developed will
primarily use the .Net framework, the C# language, ASP.NET, Geographic
Information System (GIS) and SQL Server databases in implementing
Microsoft based software systems for an intranet web
environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Key responsibilities will be the
architecture and design of applications for a safety-sensitive
environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work with business customers for
requirements gathering and system analysis&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Responsible for design, implementation, and all phases of
testing&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ensure best practices are followed in
implementing technical solutions&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;Basic
Qualifications: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;B.S. degree in a
technical or Engineering field or at least 6 years of equivalent
business experience/ equivalent formal training&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;At
least 6 years of Object Oriented Development experience&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;5+ years of proven hands-on experience developing distributed
systems based using C# to develop .Net Framework based desktop client
applications and highly available Windows Services&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;5+ years of SQL Server&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Extensive web API
and microservice development, integration and orchestration&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experienced at unit, integration, system level testing and
troubleshooting issues across platforms&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Able to
identify underlying problems and appropriate techniques for solving
them&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent verbal and written communication
skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent organizational skills&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Solid analytical and problem-solving skills&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Must be a team player who shares knowledge&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Able to work in high performing teams and deliver under
pressure situations&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;Highly Qualified Candidates
Will Have: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;10 years of Object Oriented
Development experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience in safety
critical product development (e.g. rail, medical,
aerospace...)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with Web Forms ASP.NET,
JavaScript, CSS, HTML&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with
GIS&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;If you're a team player with a passion for
technology and a desire to work with a growing company, we encourage you
to apply for this exciting opportunity. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;Flexible work from home options available.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>Spero LLC</td>
<td>49384d3ed61fdc35</td>
<td>Senior Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer &lt;br&gt; Location: Ft
Worth, Texas (50% on-site role) &lt;br&gt; Job Description: &lt;br&gt;
We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Sr. Software Engineer to
join our team and design, develop, implement, document, and support
various internally developed Train Control Systems, including Positive
Train Control (PTC), Train Sheets, and various supporting .NET
applications/services, with a focus on Safety and High Availability. The
ideal candidate will use technology systems/applications development
experience to analyze requirements, evaluate design alternatives, and
develop software solutions that meet business objectives. &lt;br&gt; Key
Responsibilities: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Design, develop,
implement, document, and support various internally developed Train
Control Systems&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Use technology systems/applications
development experience to analyze requirements, evaluate design
alternatives, and develop software solutions that meet business
objectives&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;The applications developed will
primarily use the .Net framework, the C# language, ASP.NET, Geographic
Information System (GIS) and SQL Server databases in implementing
Microsoft based software systems for an intranet web
environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Key responsibilities will be the
architecture and design of applications for a safety-sensitive
environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work with business customers for
requirements gathering and system analysis&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Responsible for design, implementation, and all phases of
testing&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ensure best practices are followed in
implementing technical solutions&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;Basic
Qualifications: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;B.S. degree in a
technical or Engineering field or at least 6 years of equivalent
business experience/ equivalent formal training&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;At
least 6 years of Object Oriented Development experience&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;5+ years of proven hands-on experience developing distributed
systems based using C# to develop .Net Framework based desktop client
applications and highly available Windows Services&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;5+ years of SQL Server&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Extensive web API
and microservice development, integration and orchestration&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experienced at unit, integration, system level testing and
troubleshooting issues across platforms&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Able to
identify underlying problems and appropriate techniques for solving
them&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent verbal and written communication
skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent organizational skills&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Solid analytical and problem-solving skills&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Must be a team player who shares knowledge&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Able to work in high performing teams and deliver under
pressure situations&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;Highly Qualified Candidates
Will Have: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;10 years of Object Oriented
Development experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience in safety
critical product development (e.g. rail, medical,
aerospace...)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with Web Forms ASP.NET,
JavaScript, CSS, HTML&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with
GIS&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;If you're a team player with a passion for
technology and a desire to work with a growing company, we encourage you
to apply for this exciting opportunity. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;Flexible work from home options available.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>Spero LLC</td>
<td>3d74ccbb9f9de86f</td>
<td>Senior Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Job Title: Sr. Software Engineer &lt;br&gt; Location: Ft
Worth, Texas (50% on-site role) &lt;br&gt; Job Description: &lt;br&gt;
We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Sr. Software Engineer to
join our team and design, develop, implement, document, and support
various internally developed Train Control Systems, including Positive
Train Control (PTC), Train Sheets, and various supporting .NET
applications/services, with a focus on Safety and High Availability. The
ideal candidate will use technology systems/applications development
experience to analyze requirements, evaluate design alternatives, and
develop software solutions that meet business objectives. &lt;br&gt; Key
Responsibilities: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Design, develop,
implement, document, and support various internally developed Train
Control Systems&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Use technology systems/applications
development experience to analyze requirements, evaluate design
alternatives, and develop software solutions that meet business
objectives&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;The applications developed will
primarily use the .Net framework, the C# language, ASP.NET, Geographic
Information System (GIS) and SQL Server databases in implementing
Microsoft based software systems for an intranet web
environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Key responsibilities will be the
architecture and design of applications for a safety-sensitive
environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work with business customers for
requirements gathering and system analysis&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Responsible for design, implementation, and all phases of
testing&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ensure best practices are followed in
implementing technical solutions&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;Basic
Qualifications: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;B.S. degree in a
technical or Engineering field or at least 6 years of equivalent
business experience/ equivalent formal training&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;At
least 6 years of Object Oriented Development experience&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;5+ years of proven hands-on experience developing distributed
systems based using C# to develop .Net Framework based desktop client
applications and highly available Windows Services&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;5+ years of SQL Server&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Extensive web API
and microservice development, integration and orchestration&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experienced at unit, integration, system level testing and
troubleshooting issues across platforms&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Able to
identify underlying problems and appropriate techniques for solving
them&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent verbal and written communication
skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent organizational skills&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Solid analytical and problem-solving skills&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Must be a team player who shares knowledge&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Able to work in high performing teams and deliver under
pressure situations&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;Highly Qualified Candidates
Will Have: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;10 years of Object Oriented
Development experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience in safety
critical product development (e.g. rail, medical,
aerospace...)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with Web Forms ASP.NET,
JavaScript, CSS, HTML&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with
GIS&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;If you're a team player with a passion for
technology and a desire to work with a growing company, we encourage you
to apply for this exciting opportunity. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;Flexible work from home options available.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>Splunk</td>
<td>1185a67cf6eb9071</td>
<td>Senior Principal Software Engineer - SDLC Evolution</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Splunk is here to build a safer and more
resilient digital world. The world's leading enterprises use our unified
security and observability platform to keep their digital systems secure
and reliable. While customers love our technology, it's our people that
make Splunk stand out as an amazing career destination and why we've won
so many awards as a best place to work. If you become a Splunker, we
want your whole, authentic self, what we call your "million data
points". So bring your work experience, problem-solving skills and
talent, of course, but also bring your joy, your passion and all the
things that make you, you. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; Role Summary&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Over the past few years, Splunk has been evolving how we
develop and deliver our products to our customers. Through building
internal platforms, services, and practices, we have been empowering our
developers to own product quality, operations, and reliability. While we
have made great strides in our journey to shift left, there is much room
to grow. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; That's where we need you. We're
looking for an engineering leader to bring their experience and
expertise in the software development lifecycle (SDLC) to evolve how
Splunk developers build, test, deliver, and observe our products.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; In this role, you will be measured on your
impact to the four key DORA metrics: deployment frequency, lead time for
changes, failed deployment recovery time, and change failure rate.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; This role empowers you to be a catalyst for
positive change, driving innovation and improvement across the entire
software development process. Your ability to ideate, gain buy-in, and
effectively roll out changes will be pivotal in shaping the future of
our engineering culture and the experience felt by each and every
customer. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;h2 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; Meet
the Team&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;div&gt; As Splunk is a 20-year old /
multi-million LOC product, we have a ~200 person platform engineering
organization that is looking for you, an expert in large-scale SDLCs.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; The team you are joining is responsible for the
end-to-end feedback cycle of code to customer back to developer. And you
would be the key architect of that feedback loop. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Your peers will be Engineering Directors that lead our
Developer Platform pillars (build, test, delivery, observability) as
well as other Senior Principal Engineers who drive key aspects of the
developer experience. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; What we offer
you&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; A constant
stream of new things to learn. &lt;/b&gt;You'll learn how our whole
stack works, from code compilation to log/metric observation in the
wild. We're also always expanding into new areas like bringing in open
source projects and contributing back, exploring new technologies, and
seeking new ways to make our ecosystem more
developer-friendly.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; Impact.&lt;/b&gt; We
give our engineers an environment in which they can contribute from day
one while also providing opportunities for learning and
growth.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; Skilled and dedicated
peers&lt;/b&gt;, all the way from engineering to product management and
customer support. We are an engineering and product-focused company. Our
engineers take a leading role in designing, architecting, building and
testing our product.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; Growth and
mentorship.&lt;/b&gt; We believe in growing engineers through ownership
and leadership opportunities. We also believe mentors help both sides of
the equation.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; A stable, collaborative and
supportive work environment.&lt;/b&gt; We are totally remote friendly.
You can choose to work from a Splunk location or you can be in any US
time zone and work with the rest of the team around the
globe.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; Work-life balance.&lt;/b&gt; We
don't expect people to work 12-hour days. We want you to have a
successful time outside of work too. We trust our colleagues to be
responsible with their time and commitment, and believe that balance
helps cultivate an outstanding environment.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;h2 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; What you'll get to
do&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; You will bring and share
your diverse ideas and lived experiences to raise the tide for what good
could look like.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; You will spearhead the creation
of innovative strategies for enhancing the SDLC, introducing new
technologies, and optimizing workflows.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; You'll
collaborate closely with development teams to understand their needs,
challenges, and aspirations.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; You will partner with
sister teams across the company (from developers to customer support and
more) to create a cohesive story of how a product change gets into our
customer's hands.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; You will mentor engineers across
the organization, building connections and support for the changes you
are driving.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; Must-have
Qualifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Extensive
experience (typically 10+ years) in software development with a focus on
the SDLC for large-scale code bases (1M+ LOC, 200+ concurrent
developers)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Track record of leadership roles in
large tech companies with demonstrated ability to strategically plan and
execute both incremental improvements and revolutionary
changes.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Strong expertise with the developer
lifecycles of multiple programming languages and domains (how to
develop, debug, package, test, etc.) as we have code in several
languages, ranging from Go and C++ to Python and JavaScript.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Experience with implementing software development and testing
practices for extensive code bases.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Familiarity
with hybrid delivery models, delivering software to both customer
managed and cloud hosted environments.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Excellent
communication skills and a history of collaborating effectively with
cross-functional teams.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; Nice-to-have
Qualifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;div&gt; We’ve taken special care
to separate the must-have qualifications from the nice-to-haves.
“Nice-to-have” means just that: Nice. To. Have. So, don’t worry if you
can’t check off every box. We’re not hiring a list of bullet
points–we’re interested in the whole you. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Experience crafting and delivering software as a service and
working with cloud infrastructure services such as AWS EC2, S3,
Kubernetes, etc. is desirable but not required.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Experience working with multiple cloud providers (like AWS, GCP, and
Azure).&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience working on decade+ legacy
codebases.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Familiarity with mono-repos is a
plus.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ability to work across our multiple
languages (polyglot).&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;
Splunk is an Equal Opportunity Employer&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; At Splunk, we believe creating a culture of belonging isn’t
just the right thing to do; it’s also the smart thing. We prioritize
diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging to ensure our employees are
supported to bring their best, most authentic selves to work where they
can thrive. Qualified applicants receive consideration for employment
without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex,
gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital
status, age, physical or mental disability or medical condition, genetic
information, veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by
federal, state, or local laws. We consider qualified applicants with
criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>Alpha Clinical Systems</td>
<td>9fb2709683af9c02</td>
<td>Technical Lead/ Sr. Software Engineer</td>
<td>Our company is looking for a Technical Lead/ Software Engineer who
will be performing following roles and responsibilities: Develop
application and services using Java/J2EE technologies. Implement Factory
and Singleton design patterns in Spring business components. Develop a
business logic using J2EE and hybrid technologies. Build front end
components using JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, Json, CSS. Build Mobile
Apps using Ionic and ReactJS. Consume Web services to get the product
data using WSDL, REST, SOAP. Implement configuration logic using XML and
JAXB. Implement Data layer using Spring JDBC/Hibernate and define DAO
objects. Build applications using build management tools like Apache
Maven and Gradle or GIT. Create pipeline scripts for CI/CD in Jenkins.
Technologies used Java/J2EE, MVC, Hibernate, Angular/React, HTML, XML,
Ionic, Android, iOS, Node, Java Script, Stored procedures, SQL Server,
My SQL, Oracle, SSIS, BERT, PowerBI, Tableau, JIRA, AWS, Hadoop, Spark,
Junit, Unix etc. Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Computer
Science/ Information Technology or closely related field. 40 hr wk. M-F.
Please mail the resume at Alpha Clinical Systems, Inc. JOB# 3_0321, 15
Corporate Place South, Suite#420, Piscataway, NJ 08854.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>SS&amp;C</td>
<td>02f0f4efaa6c1c5b</td>
<td>Senior Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; SS&amp;amp;C is a global provider of
investment and financial services and software for the financial
services and healthcare industries. Named to Fortune 1000 list as top
U.S. company based on revenue, SS&amp;amp;C is headquartered in Windsor,
Connecticut and has 20,000+ employees in over 90 offices in 35
countries. Some 18,000 financial services and healthcare organizations,
from the world's largest institutions to local firms, manage and account
for their investments using SS&amp;amp;C's products and services.
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Job Description
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; About the Company
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; SS&amp;amp;C Intralinks provides
technology solutions for the global banking, deal-making and capital
markets communities. As pioneers of the virtual data room, SS&amp;amp;C
Intralinks enables and secures information flow, facilitating strategic
initiatives such as mergers and acquisitions, capital raising, and
investor reporting. Today, SS&amp;amp;C Intralinks has earned the trust
and business of more than 99 percent of the Fortune 1000. &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; About the Team &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; The Search Team: &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; The Search Team is responsible for
all aspects of "Unstructured Content Retrieval": &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Providing a highly scalable Content extraction
infrastructure for a variety of Content Sources in a variety of formats
including multilingual support for OCR RESTful Retrieval API for the
Unstructured Content from the various Content Sources An application and
schema agnostic, linguistic, REST-like, Search and Retrieval API,
providing Secure Content access supporting filtering, faceting with
custom boosting Complete Ownership of the Search platform from the
Design, Architecture through Deployment and Operation of the
infrastructure. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; The Search Platform hosts 15 TB
of Secure Searchable Content in 9 languages (more coming), serving over
300 million large entities in 3 different geographies with more to come.
The Search Infrastructure itself is heavily a Java Ecosystem with
tooling and test infrastructure in Python and NodeJS. We take pride in
using the best language for the task underhand. The Search platform
provides the best opportunity to work across all the applications (data
sources) at our organization with a lot of cutting-edge technologies and
frameworks. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Here are
some of the upcoming challenges and endeavors that you can be part of!
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Index Management,&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Smart Summarization for Search snippets,&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Smart Suggestions,&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Intelligent
Extraction for Unstructured Content&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt;
All to be delivered at scale! &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; What we are looking for &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; A
highly motivated backend-data engineer, in a cross-functional Scrum
team, cruising through both business and technical requirements, with an
ability not just design/implement but to see it all the way through to
deployment in production.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work closely with
software architects and define/modify the architecture, challenging the
decisions and collaborating with the team to provide robust
solutions.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Constantly seek to propose improvements
to technique, tools, and process whenever possible&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Take co-ownership of your Definition of Done with your Development Team
member peers and be uncompromising on quantifiable code
quality.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Mentor your more junior counterparts—a
big part of your success is making others around you better.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Get to know your customer and empathize with their pain
points so that when you solve their problems you share in the
satisfaction.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
What you will bring with you: &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; 6 - 8+
years developing Enterprise Applications as highly scalable, performant,
microservices, using a high-level Object-oriented language but not
limited to Java, C#, Kotlin. Preferably a polyglot developer who is
willing to work in a Java Heavy Environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Demonstrated ability to develop distributed and concurrent systems
(multithreading, asynchronous programming models, event-driven
programming environments)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Deep understanding of
RESTful services including the intent behind the HTTP Verbs, Hypermedia,
with an ability to model, design and develop new/extend existing RESTful
Services&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Sleeves-up experience in testing your own
code (or better yet, test-driven development methods) especially using
automation frameworks&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Demonstrated ability to
create efficient data models for different flavors of data-stores NoSQL
and SQL. Experience with Apache Cassandra and/or Search based Stores a
plus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience with microservice and serverless
architectures&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Meaningful DevOps experience having
deployed via CI/CD, automated configuration management, Docker
containers and Kubernetes, Helm&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Comfortable
working on and troubleshooting in *nix environments&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Unless explicitly
requested or approached by SS&amp;amp;C Technologies, Inc. or any of its
affiliated companies, the company will not accept unsolicited resumes
from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment
services. SS&amp;amp;C offers excellent benefits including health,
dental, 401k plan, tuition and professional development reimbursement
plan. SS&amp;amp;C Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity
employer and does not discriminate against any applicant for employment
or employee on the basis of race, color, religious creed, gender, age,
marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran
status or any other classification protected by applicable
discrimination laws. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Unless explicitly requested or approached by SS&amp;amp;C Technologies,
Inc. or any of its affiliated companies, the company will not accept
unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based
recruitment services. SS&amp;amp;C offers excellent benefits including
health, dental, 401k plan, tuition and professional development
reimbursement plan. SS&amp;amp;C Technologies is an Equal Employment
Opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant for
employment or employee on the basis of race, color, religious creed,
gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin,
disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by
applicable discrimination laws. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>Cox Automotive</td>
<td>43eae85296edb5f0</td>
<td>Senior Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Cox Automotive is currently hiring an experienced Senior
Software Engineer to join our team in the Dallas, TX, Irvine, CA or
Atlanta, GA areas. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; We are an established and
distributed team in the Cox Automotive Data Solutions Group. Our primary
responsibility is the development of infrastructure, security,
networking, and application delivery automation tools and patterns that
put the 12-factor app principles into practice. Our goal is to enable
engineers to develop solutions from ideas into production code in a
fast, secure, and repeatable manner, and provide guidance and insight
into the best practices of software engineering. We use a Kanban
methodology for delivery tracking, open-source methods to encourage
collaborative software design, and maintain a reputation as thought
leaders within our organization. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;As a
Senior Software Engineer at Cox Automotive you will:&lt;br&gt;
&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Maintain and build
upon our Application Management Platform solution; a platform built on
AWS, designed to deliver client-facing applications in both
containerized and serverless formats while ensuring those applications
adhere to the patterns described by the 12-Factor App
Methodology.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Automate the infrastructure, security,
networking, and application delivery needs of multiple engineering
teams.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Provide your expertise to the same teams
regarding the support and maintenance of cloud and on-prem
resources.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Participate in all aspects of the
Software Delivery Lifecycle, from clarifying requirements to
collaborating on architectural design, creating technical documentation,
programming, performing manual and automated testing, building,
deploying, validating, monitoring, and operational support.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Participate in evaluations of new technologies, platforms,
frameworks, and techniques, and collaborate with your peers to help
shape the direction of the engineering group.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Take
an active role in identifying and prioritizing opportunities for
investment in the functional and non-functional requirements of the
system.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;We
require:&lt;br&gt; &lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field and
four years of relevant experience or a Master's degree in Computer
Science or related field and two years of experience or eight years of
relevant experience.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Python&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Cloud Server administration and maintenance.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;RDBMS experience, including schema design and performance
optimization.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;CI/CD pipeline delivery and pipeline
automation experience.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience developing test
coverage for applications.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with
Production Monitoring tools like cloud logs, metrics, application/db
analytics for debugging, performance optimization, and maintaining
SLAs.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;We are
impressed by:&lt;br&gt; &lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Openness to feedback and ability to creatively adapt multiple
ideas into a solution.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ability to take direction as
well as provide direction on potential solutions.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Analytical skills and the ability to break problems down into
simpler challenges that solve a more complex whole.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Familiarity with producing technical writing, including
diagramming techniques.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;A desire to succeed as a
team and contribute to a culture of continuous improvement and
growth&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with Kanban, LEAN, and the
12-Factor app methodologies&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Public speaking
skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Teaching or tutoring experience&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; USD 97,100.00 - 161,800.00 per year
&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;About Cox Automotive&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;br&gt; At Cox Automotive, people of every background are driven by
their passion for mobility, innovation and community. We transform the
way the world buys, sells, owns and uses cars, accelerating the industry
with global powerhouse brands like Autotrader, Kelley Blue Book, Manheim
and more. What's more, we do it all with an emphasis on employee growth
and happiness. Drive your future forward and join Cox Automotive today!
&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;About Cox&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt;
Cox empowers employees to build a better future and has been doing so
for over 120 years. With exciting investments and innovations across
transportation, communications, cleantech and healthcare, our family of
businesses - which includes Cox Automotive and Cox Communications - is
forging a better future for us all. Ready to make your mark? Join us
today! &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Benefits of working at Cox may include
health care insurance (medical, dental, vision), retirement planning
(401(k)), and paid days off (sick leave, parental leave, flexible
vacation/wellness days, and/or PTO). For more details on what benefits
you may be offered, visit our benefits page . &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Cox
is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified
applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without
regard to that individual's age, race, color, religion or creed,
national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual
orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability,
veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any
other characteristic protected by law. Cox provides reasonable
accommodations when requested by a qualified applicant or employee with
disability, unless such accommodations would cause an undue hardship.
&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar
Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we
formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our
applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to
any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges
associated with unsolicited resumes. &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>FlexIT Inc</td>
<td>7631eff2e992527c</td>
<td>Sr. Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;The role on the team will
include:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Participate in the design and development of a technical
solution that meets the needs of the business and aligns with
architectural and quality standards, and effectively integrates
solutions delivered with adjacent and tertiary
solutions/technologies.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Independently identifies,
defines, directs, and/or performs analysis to resolve complex, issues in
their area(s) of expertise.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Reviews, analyzes, and
modifies programming systems, including coding, testing, debugging, and
installing for a variety of systems.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ensures the
effective performance of assigned product(s) and their integration with
adjacent solutions/technologies.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Develops working
knowledge of tertiary domains.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Helps define the
scope of sprints.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Contributes to the vision for
technical solutioning.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>Wipro Limited</td>
<td>ccec1f451a0e94f4</td>
<td>Principal Solution Architect with Generative AI experience</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Minneapolis,
Minnesota&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Tech Hiring&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
3047015&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;h2 class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; Job Description
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT,
BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading technology services and consulting
company focused on building innovative solutions that address clients’
most complex digital transformation needs. We leverage our holistic
portfolio of capabilities in consulting, design, engineering,
operations, and emerging technologies to help clients realize their
boldest ambitions and build future-ready, sustainable businesses. A
company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services,
strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we
have over 250,000 dedicated employees serving clients across 66
countries. We deliver on the promise of helping our customers,
colleagues, and communities thrive in an ever-changing world.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; A PROUD HISTORY OF OVER 75
YEARS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; FY22 REVENUE 10.4 BN
USD&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; WE’RE PRESENT IN 66
COUNTRIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; OVER 1,400 ACTIVE
GLOBAL CLIENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt; Principal
Solution Architect with Generative AI experience &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; Total Experience - 12+
Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; The
role to be fulfilled is of a Digital Solution Architect. They must have
knowledge of different domains like SSO, Data Architecture (not data
modeling, not performance remediation on snowflake), Integration
Solutions &amp;amp; production grade AIML solutions. Looking for a
senior person who has to bring about AIML maturity to influence
solutions, contribute to strategy, propose PoC and help contribute to
vision via architecture solutions. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Responsibility is to work with engineers to
design and define Patient and Provider Portal solutions of a product and
experiences facing Patient and Provider, easy Check-Ins, forms. The
candidate will be expected to interact with engineers from all different
areas associated and is expected to be defining and diagramming the
design for Business Stakeholders and engineering teams. Communicate
solution designs to stakeholders, product owners, UI/UX and engineering
teams. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Required Qualifications: &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Digital
Solution Architect having knowledge of different domains like Portals,
application tiers, Content Management Systems, Security, Data
Integrations, System Integration &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;4+ years of
technical experience with application integrations: SOA, HL7, FHIR,
RESTful, Message Queue solutions using JSON, XML, etc.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; 2+ years of experience in a solution architecture role,
designing end-to-end, enterprise solutions across the complete digital
ecosystem&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 2+ years of AI/ML architecting and
deployment at enterprise level using Generative AI&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
2+ years of experience in Azure Cloud and Cloud Native
Architectures&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 1+ years of Health Care IT
experience: ex: EHR, Practice Management, Interface Engines, HL7, CDA,
or DICOM. Knowledge of the front-end, middle and back-end healthcare
ecosystem&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Integration capabilities like EPIC
Rhapsody as integration broker, REST, proprietary API, HL7 messages,
streaming Kafka, IOT, EDI Messages (278, 274), file/batch based
integrations &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Prior experience of Full-Stack
development (Java, Node JS, Python, Angular etc) &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience in driving solutions that map to the global target
architecture, standards, and roadmaps in a distributed hardware,
operating systems, and cloud computing &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience
analyzing the current business, detecting critical deficiencies, and
recommending solutions for improvement&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Wipro is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and
makes all employment and employment-related decisions without regard to
a person's race, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability, sexual
orientation, or any other status protected by applicable
law&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
AI Cognitive &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;If you encounter any
suspicious mail, advertisements, or persons who offer jobs at Wipro,
please email us at &lt;b&gt;helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com&lt;/b&gt;. Do
not email your resume to this ID as it is not monitored for resumes and
career applications. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt; Any complaints or concerns
regarding unethical/unfair hiring practices should be directed to our
Ombuds Group at &lt;b&gt;ombuds.person@wipro.com&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;br&gt; We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified
applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to
race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic
and national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual
orientation, political orientation, disability status, protected veteran
status, or any other characteristic protected by law. &lt;br&gt;
&lt;br&gt; Wipro is committed to creating an accessible, supportive, and
inclusive workplace. Reasonable accommodation will be provided to all
applicants including persons with disabilities, throughout the
recruitment and selection process. Accommodations must be communicated
in advance of the application, where possible, and will be reviewed on
an individual basis. Wipro provides equal opportunities to all and
values diversity. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>ASM Solutions LLC</td>
<td>5569e63d1ff3a60d</td>
<td>SAP Commerce Cloud Solution Architect</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;ASM Solutions LLC seeks a SAP Commerce
Cloud Solution Architect in Crystal Lake, IL.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Duties&lt;/b&gt;: Tasks include analysis and design,
writing Java code, performing unit testing, and participating in QA
testing including troubleshooting performance problems, and implementing
bug fixes. Supporting client engagements requiring SAP product suite
implementation, migration, and upgrade of SAP applications, and database
needs for developing go-to-market solutions. Supported systems will span
all flavors of Operating Systems along with SAP cloud and other cloud
service provider platforms.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;
Requirements&lt;/b&gt;: Bachelor's in Electronics and Communication
Engineering or related. This position also required five years of
experience in professional software development, developing and
deploying SAP Hybris projects and solutions, Java, Spring Framework,
team leadership and a proven track record working directly with clients.
This position also required three years of experience in deep working
knowledge of SAP Commerce foundational concepts, tooling, data modeling,
and integrations and experience with a variety of deployment
architectures, including on-premise and SAP Commerce Cloud. Remote work
available. Hiring for multiple positions. Full-time.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; To apply&lt;/b&gt;: Send a letter of application and
resume to hr@asmsolutionsgbl.com or mail to: 333 Commerce Dr, Suite
#225, Crystal Lake, IL 60014. ASM Solutions LLC is an affirmative
action/equal opportunity employer.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; recblid
r9rru2rtss7doatfbqsiuld1qmcwbu &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Publicis Sapient</td>
<td>cfd29fa180b32225</td>
<td>Java Architect</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Publicis Sapient is looking for a Manager Technology,
Java to join our team of bright thinkers and doers. You will work with
industry-leading clients and collaborate with global agile teams to
develop, test, and maintain digital business applications, strengthening
your skills on the full stack of application development technologies.
Working alongside other talented minds with strong technical skills,
you'll solve complex business problems to deliver software applications
and services that positively impact our clients and their customers.
&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Your Daily Duties and
Impact&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Guide the
development, design, user interface, technology integration, and site
architecture&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ensure engineering culture in
practice by adopting relevant practices to translate strategic asks into
action (e.g., brainstorming, whiteboarding, design sessions, effective
estimation, just enough design documentation, interfaces, wireframes,
etc.)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Strive for continuous functional and
technical grooming (Functional and Non-Functional/NFRs), collaborating
with stakeholders to understand end-to-end customer
requirements&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Review systems, sub-systems/modules,
ensure implementation in line with design and integration with all
dependent systems/modules&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ensure that problems are
solved at a platform level, steering the direction of stories and system
design&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Practice the DevOps mindset, adopting CI/CD
to deliver, deploy and support the implementation from Dev., QA
environments to production&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Automate and improvise
Document Code (Doc as Code), functional features (BDD), user manuals to
help in the support and training&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Use a test-first
approach and TDD, and apply BDD for functional and integration testing,
building regression, unit, and acceptance test suites&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Proactive about reduction of tech debts, eliminating waste,
increasing automation, using the right productivity tools, metrics and
OKRs to steer commitment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ensure timely
optimizations and relevant design decisions are applied by the team at
the module/components level&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Collaborate with
global teams using integrated tools like Jira, Confluence,
etc.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work with architects and technology managers
to define and understand the overall system architecture, standards and
guidelines, helping them with the details of the sub-system
specifics&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work in the spirit of agile and a
product engineering mindset, motivating the sprint outcomes, iteratively
and incrementally, following the agile ceremonies&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Perform peer reviews of system, sub-system, design, and implementation,
following the established coding standards&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Engage
in business development, as well as in developing and maintaining client
relationships&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;
Qualifications&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Your Technical
Skills and Experience&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Must be a US citizen with demonstrated work experience
developing teams creating large scale, large volume services, and
distributed apps., taking them through production and post-production
life cycle&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Hands-on designing, architecting, and
reviewing, looking at things from both a technical and non-technical
perspective&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Understand multiple languages,
programming styles and are a problem solver&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Use
Static Analysis and Profiling tools to ensure high Code Quality and
Performance&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Leverage your vast understanding of
concepts, tools, and technologies to guide early and continuous adoption
of NFRs (e.g., security, performance, reliability,
maintainability)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Understanding the art of
designing and developing microservices from the ground up, considering
all NFRs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Understand the importance of SOLID, DRY
design principles, design patterns, and practice Clean Code&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Use progressive and advocate the right tools, technologies,
frameworks for solving the relevant problems&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Understand the importance of Web Application Frameworks, Messaging and
Eventing Platforms, Mocks and Stubs, Logging frameworks, Develop tools,
Containers, virtualization, proactive monitoring and alerting,
dashboards&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Collaborating across multiple
departments to guide staffing, communications, implementation,
monitoring and control, onboarding, training, succession planning,
performance administration, recognition, capability strengthening,
procurement, marketing, pre-sales, vendor management, billing,
financials and profitability, client reporting and develop thought
leadership&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Bachelor's degree in Computer Science,
Engineering or related field.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt; Set
Yourself Apart With:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience in one
or more of front-end development technologies&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Knowledge of one or more security or integration framework&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; A polyglot with an engineering mindset, open to learning new
languages, platforms, and toolkits and supporting the same mindset with
your team&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Comfortable dealing with abstractions
and complexity&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Willingness to travel&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt; Additional Information&lt;/b&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Annual Pay Range&lt;/b&gt;:
&lt;b&gt;170,000 - 190,000 USD&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; The range
shown represents a grouping of relevant ranges currently in use at
Publicis Sapient. The actual range for this position may differ,
depending on location and the specific skillset required for the work.
&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Benefits of Working Here :&lt;/b&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Flexible vacation policy&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Unlimited PTO's&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; 15 company paid holidays
annually&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Work Your World program&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Generous parental leave and new parent transition
program&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Tuition reimbursement&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Corporate gift matching program&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; As
part of our dedication to an inclusive and diverse workforce, Publicis
Sapient is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for
race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran
status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. We
are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified
individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job
application procedures. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a
disability, you may contact us at Hiring@Publicissapient.Com or you may
call us at +1-617-621-0200. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Company
Description&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Publicis Sapient is a
digital transformation partner helping established organizations get to
their future, digitally-enabled state, both in the way they work and the
way they serve their customers. We help unlock value through a start-up
mindset and modern methods, fusing strategy, consulting and customer
experience with agile engineering and problem-solving creativity. United
by our core values and our purpose of helping people thrive in the brave
pursuit of next, our 20,000+ people in 53 offices around the world
combine experience across technology, data sciences, consulting and
customer obsession to accelerate our clients' businesses through
designing the products and services their customers truly value.
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>Zenith Services</td>
<td>50a26088dfe28a54</td>
<td>Enterprise Architect – SME level</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;Job Description:&lt;/b&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Preference given to candidates with the below
skills/experience. Must also meet minimum requirements.&lt;/b&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;Local candidates always a
plus&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;Previous state/gov
experience always a plus&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; MDES is seeking one (1) enterprise
architect with experience in .NET applications. The contractor will work
in the state office with existing MDES technical team members to set the
direction and establish the approach of an organization's operations,
improves the IT infrastructure, and optimizes their business operations.
The enterprise architect works to integrate the organization's
information applications and programs. The contractor may also be
required for designing, developing, and enhancing additional
applications as requested. Tasks required will be: (1) Evaluating
internal functions, business development strategies and IT processes and
suggesting improvements. (2) Creating business architecture models to
reflect the organization’s strategies and goals and creating and
implementing business visions and goals. (3) Evaluating systems
engineering, talent recruiting and accounting models for discrepancies
and vulnerabilities. The particular contractor will support the MDES
Eligible Training Provider List (ETPL) application and functions
required under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA).
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;REQUIRED
SKILLS/EXPERIENCE&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;b&gt;TECHNICAL SKILLS&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; .NET
Development and Support &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; 10 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; .NET Visual Studio – Must
have experience with recent versions. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 10 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Proven work experience as an Enterprise Architect or similar role
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 10 Years
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Experience in modeling and graphic
representations &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; 10 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;PREFERRED
SKILLS/EXPERIENCE&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;b&gt;TECHNICAL SKILLS&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Record
locking development and experience &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Application
level security &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; System and user level
auditing &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5
Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; SQL Server Database Administration
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Design and produce queries for quarterly,
yearly, and ad hoc reports required by US Department of Labor,
Legislature, and state and local partners &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Data modeling &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;BUSINESS
SKILLS&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Proficient in English
speaking and writing &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; No min. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Ability to interact with
functional users &amp;amp; technical staff regarding business &amp;amp;
information technology needs &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; No min. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Problem
solving and listening skills &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; No min. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;TECHNICAL/BUSINESS SKILLS&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Microsoft server operating systems including Windows 2008
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Project Management Professional (PMP)
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Microsoft server operating systems including
Windows 2008 &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; JavaScript &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Crystal reports and reporting software &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; ETPL application &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 10 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Problem/application resolutions for end users &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
System and Solutions Architect for core business functions with
knowledge of all business processes within the ETPL: ITA, OJT, and
Annual Recertification (10 yrs); also MAGIC interface for all MDES
payments (4 yrs) &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; 10/4 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Object oriented
programming, mainframe programming, and cross system data exchanges
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Document and troubleshoot current web and
network security issues and certificate authorities &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; Experience with Mississippi Department of Finance and
Administration accounting software and MAGIC/PayMode, including
interfaces with MAGIC (vendor payment system) &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 4 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
Performance Reporting Analyst to perform wage crossmatch with ITA
completers to create training course report cards &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;QA/TESTING – Approaches, Application&lt;/b&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Create and maintain testing environment and data
needed for testing &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; Coordinate QA User
Testing activities among various State and Local parties &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; 5 Years &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>IBM</td>
<td>f40dc107ff4ba49a</td>
<td>Appian Architect</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Introduction &lt;br&gt; As an IBM Application Architect,
you directly help clients transform their business and solve complex
problems. You will define the scope and vision for projects that deliver
customized solutions using your knowledge of IBM platforms. You are a
technical leader, serving as a liaison among business partners,
technical resources, and project stakeholders. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt;
Your Role and Responsibilities &lt;br&gt; This role will design and
develop Appian solutions. This will include: &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Implementing end-to-end process automation using Appian and
other intelligent automation technologies&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Performing code reviews for Appian developers&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Conducting root cause analysis for Appian outages&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Restoring Appian services in the event of an outage&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Developing Appian-based solutions using all object types
available in Appian.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Integrating with external
applications using REST and SOAP-based APIs.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Developing Appian plugins (Java)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Updating
Appian plugins for security vulnerabilities&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Reviewing Application performance and suggesting
improvements&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Reviewing Environment performance,
provide recommendations on sizing, and identify resource needs prior to
bottlenecks&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Documentation&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;br&gt; Required Technical and Professional Expertise &lt;br&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Certified Level 2 Appian Developer&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;3+ Years of experience as a hands-on Appian Developer in a
senior/lead role for production applications&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;1+
years of experience developing Appian Plugins&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;1
Year of experience managing an on-premise Appian Production
Environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;2+ years of experience in configuring,
debugging, and systems integration including configuring user
interfaces, reports, underlying logic, and interface components as a
developer.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;2+ years of experience with relational
databases and SQL scripting.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;3+ years of experience
in all phases of software development for large-scale business critical
applications following Agile methodologies.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;2+
years of experience in the design and implementation of SOAP and REST
APIs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Broad-based general technology ecosystem and
industry understanding&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ability to earn a VA
clearance (US citizen or green card holder)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;br&gt; Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise &lt;br&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;2+ years of recent work experience on a software
development project in a Federal government setting&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience defining and documenting architecture for
technology implementations leveraging different architectural
views&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;1 Year of Experience With Java&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience with Appian For Kubernetes&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Application Performance Optimization&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;NoSQL databases&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Cloud Resource
Management&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent analytical and technical
skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent written and verbal communication
skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Exceptional interpersonal skills, including
teamwork and facilitation&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; About Business UnitIBM
Consulting is IBM’s consulting and global professional services
business, with market leading capabilities in business and technology
transformation. With deep expertise in many industries, we offer
strategy, experience, technology, and operations services to many of the
most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Our people are
focused on accelerating our clients’ businesses through the power of
collaboration. We believe in the power of technology responsibly used to
help people, partners and the planet. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Your Life @
IBMIn a world where technology never stands still, we understand that,
dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust
and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we
do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work
better. &lt;p&gt; Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and
develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous
and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support
in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or
professional background.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Our IBMers are growth
minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new
information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our
company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other
IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a
team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive
exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to
make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the
catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they
have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome
focused approach within everything that they do.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Are
you ready to be an IBMer?&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; About IBMIBM’s greatest
invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of
intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and
the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI
strategy to life for our clients and partners around the
world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the
largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the
biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50
companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we
pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence,
quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on
our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for
good in the world. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Location StatementIBM offers a
competitive and comprehensive benefits program. Eligible employees may
have access to: &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Healthcare
benefits including medical &amp;amp; prescription drug coverage, dental,
vision, and mental health &amp;amp; well being&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; -
Financial programs such as 401(k), the IBM Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
financial counseling, life insurance, short &amp;amp; long- term
disability coverage, and opportunities for performance based salary
incentive programs &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Generous paid time
off including 12 holidays, minimum 56 hours sick time, 120 hours
vacation, 12 weeks parental bonding leave in accordance with IBM Policy,
and other Paid Care Leave programs. IBM also offers paid family leave
benefits to eligible employees where required by applicable
law&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Training and educational resources on our
personalized, AI-driven learning platform where IBMers can grow skills
and obtain industry-recognized certifications to achieve their career
goals&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Diverse and inclusive employee resource
groups, giving &amp;amp; volunteer opportunities, and discounts on
retail products, services &amp;amp; experiences&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;br&gt; The compensation range and benefits for this position are
based on a full-time schedule for a full calendar year. The salary will
vary depending on your job-related skills, experience and location. Pay
increment and frequency of pay will be in accordance with employment
classification and applicable laws. For part time roles, your
compensation and benefits will be adjusted to reflect your hours.
Benefits may be pro-rated for those who start working during the
calendar year. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; We consider qualified applicants
with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. &lt;br&gt;
&lt;br&gt; IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position
now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this
position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current
or future visa sponsorship. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Being You @ IBMIBM is
committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an
equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive
consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national
origin, caste, genetics, pregnancy, disability, neurodivergence, age,
veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to
compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and
immigration status. &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>Knowledge Services</td>
<td>a335734876a58973</td>
<td>AWS Architect (remote)</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Overview: &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt; Knowledge Services is
seeking a remote AWS Architect for a 3-month contract (potential for
extension and/or contract to hire opportunity). This role will work
remotely on EST hours. Applicants local to the Indianapolis area
preferred.&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; Please note that we cannot consider any third-party
candidates, those requiring C2C, or anyone requiring sponsorship for a
work visa.&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; Responsibilities: &lt;div&gt;
&lt;b&gt; AWS Architect Responsibilities:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;This project will support the migration of multiple
application platforms from a datacenter to AWS cloud.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Assist the AWS Technical Lead in building out the foundational
AWS platform using infrastructure as code (IaC) using Terraform and
ensuring a secure and cost-optimized tenant is built following the AWS
Well-Architected Framework.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Assist with the
migration of the various applications to AWS.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
Qualifications: &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt; AWS Architect
Requirements:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;5+ years of
AWS engineering and architecture experience&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate (required)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;AWS Solutions Architect Associate (required)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt;&lt;br&gt; Nice
to have:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with New
Relic or Trend Micro security tools&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; INDIT &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt; ISDPD &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>Starmark</td>
<td>ee0a7d0c8fbb28f8</td>
<td>Solutions Architect</td>
<td>&lt;p&gt;If you love solving business challenges and achieving goals
by coming up with technical solutions, brainstorming with the team,
problem solving, solution mapping and roadmapping programs to be
designed and developed, this role may be a perfect fit for
you.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Starmark has a rich history of developing off
the shelf and bespoke software solutions to meet the needs of a variety
of clients in a variety of industries. We have been developing ecommerce
solutions in house since 1998, and since then our toolset has expanded
to include our own data warehouse; sales, marketing &amp;amp;
lead-generation solutions; Alexa skills, native iOs and Android mobile
applications, video streaming platforms, augmented and virtual reality
environments, IoT devices, and we even have 2 patents.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;*&lt;br&gt;Role Responsibilities:*&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Collaborate with the team to plan development strategy end to
end, from architecture to analytics, to technical stack and marketing
automation&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Participate in Agile Roadmaps with the
digital team to deliver effective implementations for complex marketing
programs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Support media and analytics team with data
warehouse operations (AWS experience ideal)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Mentor
team on strategy, planning and execution and add value to strategic
programs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Be a champion for
best practices across all digital channels.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Requirements:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Maintain and grow client relationships through the development
of digital strategies based on clients business goals, audience and
budget.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ability to work directly with clients,
including technical and nontechnical stakeholders&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Easily balance multiple projects in an Agile, deadline-driven
environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong grasp of the latest martech
solutions&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Bonus:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Prior
background in product development, software engineering, user experience
design, or research &amp;amp; analytics is a plus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Starmark is a national integrated marketing agency
headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, FL. Starmark is proud to follow Agile
Methodology agency-wide and specializes in strategic thinking,
award-winning creative, branding, advertising, interactive and public
relations. Starmark delivers fresh perspectives and smart thinking to
ignite clients’ business. Then we reinvest the knowledge to maximize
return. It’s Big Ideas. Bottom line.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Job Type:
Full-time&lt;/p&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>Bave Technologies</td>
<td>6582a53cc9348889</td>
<td>Software Engineers</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Posting Date:&lt;/b&gt;
11-19-2021&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Title:&lt;/b&gt; Software
Engineers &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;DUTIES:&lt;/b&gt; Architect and
implement Azure cloud services including Azure storage, ITS, Azure
Active Directory (AD), Azure Resource Manager (ARM), Azure Storage, SQL
Database, Azure Functions, Subnets, and DHCP address blocks. Write
PowerShell scripting for Patching, Imaging, and Deployment in Azure
cloud. Utilize AWS Internet of Things (IoT) services including loT
device management, IoT analytics, and IoT events. Build and maintain AWS
services. Design and configure CI-CD pipeline using AWS developer
services Code Build, Code Commit, and Code Pipeline. Install and Setup
Web Servers (Apache and Tomcat), DB Server (MySQL) in EC2
Instances.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;REQUIREMENTS:&lt;/b&gt; Master’s
degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems or
equivalent and 2 years of experience or Bachelor’s degree in Computer
Science, Engineering, Information Systems or equivalent and 5 years of
experience.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;POSITION LOCATION:&lt;/b&gt;
BAVE Technologies, Inc. 12885 N. Hwy 183 Suite 110A Austin TX 78750.
Multiple Positions. May also require travel to various unanticipated
client sites nationally.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;HOURS:&lt;/b&gt;
9:00 A.M. - 5:30 P.M 40 hours per week &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONTACT:&lt;/b&gt; Sushmy G Ballachanda, BAVE
Technologies, Inc. 12885 N. Hwy 183 Suite 110A Austin TX 78750&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>Disney Direct to Consumer</td>
<td>475403ceaf673868</td>
<td>Principal Cloud and Software Architect</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;On any given day at Disney Entertainment
&amp;amp; ESPN Technology, we’re reimagining ways to create magical
viewing experiences for the world’s most beloved stories while also
transforming our media business for the future. Whether that’s evolving
our streaming and digital products in new and immersive ways, powering
worldwide advertising and distribution to enhance flexibility and
efficiency, or delivering Disney’s unmatched entertainment and sports
content, every day is a moment to make a difference to partners and to
hundreds of millions of people around the world.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; A few reasons why we think you’d love
working here:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; Building the
future of Disney’s media: &lt;/b&gt;DE&amp;amp;E Technologists are
designing and building the infrastructure that will power our media,
advertising, and distribution businesses for years to come.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; Reach &amp;amp; Scale:&lt;/b&gt; The products and
platforms this group builds and operates delight millions of consumers
every minute of every day – from Disney+ and Hulu, to ABC News and
Entertainment, to ESPN and ESPN+, and much more.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt; Innovation:&lt;/b&gt; We develop and implement
groundbreaking products and techniques that shape industry norms and
enhance how audiences experience sports, entertainment &amp;amp;
news.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Job
Overview:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; As a Principal Cloud and
Software Architect within the Product and Data Platform Group, you will
be a key contributor to the design, development, and implementation of
data-driven solutions that power our entertainment and sports content
delivery platforms. You will work at the intersection of technology and
content, leveraging cutting-edge data technologies to drive business
intelligence and insights.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Responsibilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Architectural Leadership:&lt;/b&gt; Lead the design
and development of scalable, high-performance, and fault-tolerant
software systems and data platforms.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Cloud
Architecture:&lt;/b&gt; Design and help develop and maintain scalable,
high-performance cloud-based architecture on AWS to support our data
platform applications and services.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Data
Integration:&lt;/b&gt; Collaborate with data engineers to design and
implement data pipelines for ingesting, transforming, and loading data
from various sources into our data lake and data warehouses.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Data Security:&lt;/b&gt; Implement robust security
measures and best practices to protect sensitive data and ensure
compliance with industry standards and regulations. &lt;b&gt;Performance
Optimization:&lt;/b&gt; Continuously assess and optimize the performance
and cost-efficiency of our AWS infrastructure and data processing
systems.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Data Governance:&lt;/b&gt; Help
define and enforce data governance policies, ensuring data quality,
consistency, and integrity throughout the data lifecycle.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Technical Leadership:&lt;/b&gt; Mentor and provide
technical guidance to development teams, promoting best practices in
cloud architecture and data-centric software design.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Collaboration:&lt;/b&gt; Work closely with
cross-functional teams, including data scientists, engineers, and
business stakeholders, to understand their requirements and translate
them into technical solutions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;
Innovation:&lt;/b&gt; Stay up to date with the latest AWS services and
industry trends, and assess their applicability to our architecture to
drive innovation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Documentation:&lt;/b&gt;
Create and maintain comprehensive documentation of architecture and
design decisions, ensuring knowledge sharing and collaboration.
&lt;b&gt;Mentorship:&lt;/b&gt; Mentor and coach junior engineers and
architects, fostering a culture of continuous learning and
development.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Basic
Requirements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; Bachelor’s or
master’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, or related
field.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Minimum of 10 years of experience in
software/data engineering and architecture roles.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Extensive experience architecting and implementing cloud-based solutions
on AWS.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Strong background in data-centric software
development, including data modeling, ETL processes, and data
warehousing.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Proficiency in programming languages
such as Python, Java, or Scala.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; In-depth knowledge
of AWS services such as EC2, S3, Lambda, Glue, Redshift, and
more.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience with Snowflake Computing and
Databricks as vendor provided solutions and how these solutions
integrate with AWS S3.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience with file
formats like Parquet, Iceberg, Delta, ORC etc. and clear understanding
of differences between these file formats.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Experience in working with how AWS Cloud and on-premises Hadoop platform
can integrate with each other.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience in
working in multiple AWS account environment and cross AWS account data
and compute federation.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Experience with
containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) and serverless
computing.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Excellent understanding of security
best practices in AWS and data privacy regulations.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability
to make critical decisions.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Excellent
communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate
effectively with cross-functional teams.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; AWS
certifications (e.g., AWS Certified Solutions Architect) are a
plus.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;
#disneytech&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; If you are
passionate about AWS cloud architecture, data-centric software design,
and making a meaningful impact in the entertainment industry, we invite
you to join our team at Disney Entertainment and ESPN.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt; Note: This job description is
intended to provide a general overview of the position and does not
encompass all responsibilities and qualifications associated with the
role. Specific duties and qualifications may vary based on the needs of
the organization.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; The hiring range for
this position in Santa Monica is $180,646 to $242,330 per year and in
New York is $189,256 to $253,880 per year. The base pay actually offered
will take into account internal equity and also may vary depending on
the candidate’s geographic region, job-related knowledge, skills, and
experience among other factors. A bonus and/or long-term incentive units
may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to the
full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on
the level and position offered. &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>Unum</td>
<td>11a62535a78c5c81</td>
<td>Principal Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; Job Posting End Date: February 20 &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Our Fortune 500 company is driving a digital transformation
and looking for forward-thinking innovators to disrupt how our industry
thinks about and uses technology. As one of the world's leading employee
benefits providers, we help millions of people gain affordable access to
benefits that help them protect their families, their finances and their
futures.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Are you an asker of
questions, a solver of problems, and a challenger of the status quo? Our
mission is to provide a differentiated customer experience and exceed
the expectations people have of technology at any company — not just
insurers.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; We are seeking
individuals to join our team of talented IT professionals who share
never-ending passion and an unwavering focus on our customer experience.
Team members comfortable working in an agile, fast-paced, and
delivery-focused environment thrive in our environment where we value an
entrepreneurial spirit and those who challenge the status-quo.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Unum is changing, and we’re excited about
what’s next. Join us.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt; General
Summary:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; UNUM Group
seeks Principal Software Engineers in Atlanta, GA.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Understand the business needs and designs solutions to enable
the desired capabilities.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Provide technical
leadership and direction across a BDH or Value-stream&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Collaborate with architects on the creation and application
of technical roadmaps, standards, tooling and frameworks required to
create a modern, high quality, rich application suite.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Recognize potential strategic application of IT, and initiate
investigation and development of innovative methods of exploiting IT
assets, to the benefit of organizations and the community.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Play a leading role in improving the interaction and
understanding between the business and IT.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Complete the design of an application and drives the advancement of the
reference architecture.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Advance architecture
roadmap for business area(s) by recommending third party/cloud solutions
and Prototyping initiatives&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Co-ordinate or
participate in tool, technology and service selection, risk assessments
and sunsetting in conjunction with technical and business stakeholders
ensuring consistency with&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; existing business needs
and architectural sustainability.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ensure that
solutions delivered have an excellent customer experience, are secure
and scalable, comply with best practices and open standards.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Look for ways to utilize modern technologies to solve
business problems – including AI, Digital platforms, and
automation.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Look for solutions that are buy over
build and are cloud based&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Stay abreast of external
trends and new functionality to be released by third party/cloud
solutions, identifying and socializing opportunities for expanded
business applicability&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ensure application solution
design conforms to agreed-upon quality attributes such as performance,
fault tolerance, etc.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Ensure product backlog has
appropriate technical stories and participates in their
prioritization&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Resolve architectural uncertainties
through prioritization, planning, and execution of architectural sprints
and reprioritizes Technology Roadmap and portfolio backlogs based on
outcomes&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Provide ongoing and appropriate
mentorship for Software Engineers&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Play an active
role in creating and communicating new technical solutions to business
partners&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Responsible for application quality from
design and implementation to deploy and run.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;
Responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance of new and
existing features for the existing portfolio of applications for a
business area, and recommending areas where new investment is
merited&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Responsible for communication and
collaboration with senior stakeholders&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; May
participate in the actual Design, coding, configuration, testing and
maintenance of software deliverables using agreed-upon standards and
tools.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Maintain depth of technical understanding
of third party/cloud solutions and implementation of
solutions.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Evaluate technical impacts from and
coordinates implementation of new product releases.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt; Participate in sizing and estimation activities with the
agile team&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Think with the mind of the end customer
at all times, ensuring solutions seek to improve the customer experience
and delight their customers.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; Position supervises
10 Subordinates in positions of Data Engineer, Sr. Data Engineer, Data
Analyst, Data Modeler&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related
field plus 5 years of experience. Requires 5 years of experience with
the following: leading internal technical teams and overseeing Vendor
Technical teams, in architecture, data modeling and design; delivering
cloud based data engineering solutions that meet or exceed Business
Stakeholder expectations; Building Patterns, Processes, Standards
&amp;amp; Guidelines for the data engineering teams to efficiently build
solutions; Conceptual, Logical, and Physical Data modeling; defining the
value of the technical architecture and data assets to the enterprise.
Telecommuting permitted. Requires 10% of domestic travel to office in
Atlanta, GA.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; $170,000 -
$190,000/Year. Must also have authority to work permanently in the U.S.
Applicants who are interested in this position may apply at
www.jobpostingtoday.com (Ref # 48809) for consideration.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; The wage range for this position
supersedes the base salary range listed below, due to the salary range
below reflecting a national range.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Our company is built on helping individuals and families, and
this starts with our employees. We want employees to maintain a positive
balance, which is why we provide access to the benefits and resources
they need to invest in themselves. From our onsite fitness facilities
and generous paid time off to employee professional development
programs, we are committed to helping employees live and work their best
– both inside and outside the office.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Unum is an equal opportunity employer, considering all
qualified applicants and employees for hiring, placement, and
advancement, without regard to a person's race, color, religion,
national origin, age, genetic information, military status, gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or
protected veteran status.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; The
base salary range for applicants for this position is listed below.
Unless actual salary is indicated above in the job description, actual
pay will be based on skill, geographical location and
experience.&lt;/p&gt; $109,100.00-$213,300.00 &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Additionally, Unum offers a portfolio of benefits and rewards
that are competitive and comprehensive including healthcare benefits
(health, vision, dental), insurance benefits (short &amp;amp; long-term
disability), performance-based incentive plans, paid time off, and a
401(k) retirement plan with an employer match up to 5% and an additional
4.5% contribution whether you contribute to the plan or not. All
benefits are subject to the terms and conditions of individual
Plans.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Company:&lt;/p&gt; Unum
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Convr</td>
<td>2d17eb6ce8abef1c</td>
<td>Solutions Architect</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Solutions Architect, Professional
Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; About Convr:&lt;/b&gt; Commercial Insurance Carriers
are falling short on delivering compelling customer experiences.
Outdated business processes, inaccurate data and technologies are
holding them back from elevating and delivering on better customer
experiences. In addition, this is adding costs to doing business. Above
and beyond the customer experience these issues increase a carrier’s
expense ratio and manual entry errors cost time and money. With Convr,
commercial P&amp;amp;C insurers manage the underwriting process from
submission to quote with an on-demand software platform with a built-in
Artificial Intelligence decisioning engine, empowering them to make
better decisions, faster. Our vision is to transform the world through
data, discovery, decision and we do that today by empowering commercial
carriers with a core underwriting management system enabling a
frictionless experience, delivering superior performance, optimal
efficiency and world-class customer engagement from submission to
quote.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Role
Overview: &lt;/b&gt;In this role, you will be joining the Professional
Services Team as a Solution Architect. You will ensure that our
customers make the best possible use of the Convr platform, equip them
to pursue their strategic objectives, and help them achieve their
desired business goals. You will develop a deep technical and functional
understanding of Convr product capabilities and customer needs to act as
the Convr expert during customer implementation projects. Daily tasks
include developing software using Python, Docker, and Kubernetes. You
will collaborate closely with Product, Engineering, Business
Development, and Customer Success teams to effectively drive
product-oriented conversations with customers. You should maintain a
solution-oriented approach and be excited to be a part of a growing
team, welcoming the challenges that come along with a high growth
environment.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;
Who You Are:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Great
communication skills in technical concepts and solutions&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ability to multi-task and manage priorities while meeting
deadlines&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Enjoys a customer facing role&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Enjoys solving problems&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Willingness to
roll up your sleeves and do whatever it takes for the success of our
customers&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; What You’ll be Doing:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Provide technical consulting expertise for complex,
high-impact projects&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Propose conceptual technical
solutions and make changes based on the client’s feedback in an Agile
Environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Develop program specifications and
construct/modify code to meet business needs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Assist
with architecting software solutions for complex high-volume data
environments&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Create testing strategies and
procedures for all core components&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Test and debug
programs&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Responsible for the overall delivery of
technical work product on customer engagements which may include the
reviewing of code completed by engineers&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ensure
technical deliverables to customers are complete, consistent, high
quality, on time and deliver valued outcomes.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Lead
technical aspects of project delivery and solution delivery for
engagements, sometimes providing oversight and unit testing of partner
resources development&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Collaborate closely with the
Engineering team to ensure custom solutions and integrations align with
the Convr platform roadmap&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work with offshore teams
and partners to deliver seamless, high quality work product&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Serve as a founding member of the Professional Services
Technical practice to build out best practice materials, operating
procedures and train new resources, clients, and partners&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Role
Requirements:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Bachelor’s degree
in Computer Science or similar &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Professional
experience working in an Agile environment&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;3-5+
years of experience in Professional Services at a SaaS
company&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;3+ years of experience coding &amp;amp;
implementing projects using Python and Java&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;3+
years of Enterprise Application Experience&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;3+ years
of experience with different methods of analysis, both process and
data&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Why Join Convr?&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Full Transparency. We believe in open communication with our
team and clients.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Excellent work-life balance. We
believe in flexibly because "life" happens! (unlimited PTO!)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Team mentality. We believe in "All Hands on Deck"! Helping one
another regardless of department.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Everyone knows
your name. We are a small company of ~50 employees. You will not be just
a number!&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;We believe in challenging yourself to
develop your career.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;We are going places! We have a
passionate team taking Convr to the next level!&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Software Architech</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>Hilabs</td>
<td>7daeba0a1a96922d</td>
<td>Software Engineering Architect</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;The HiLabs
Story&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; HiLabs was born in the
halls of Yale University when a cardiologist and an AI expert teamed up
to tackle the data quality issue in the US healthcare system. After
seven years of working with some of the best data scientists in the
world, HiLabs is on the cutting edge of breakthroughs in data science
and AI.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt; HiLabs
Team&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Multidisciplinary industry leaders&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Healthcare domain experts&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;AI/ML and data
science experts&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Professionals hailing from the
worlds best universities, business schools, and engineering institutes
including Harvard, Yale, Carnegie Mellon, Duke, Georgia Tech, Indian
Institute of Management (IIM), and Indian Institute of Technology
(IIT).&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Job
summary: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;The candidate will work with
Product Managers, data scientists and technology experts to design
unique solutions for our customers. This is achieved through interactive
requirements gathering, determination of best fit solutions based on
problem solving approaches, integrated solution design based on multiple
technology types, and a strong ability to present and articulate
solutions to senior members of the customer teams.&lt;br&gt; Successful
candidates will provide both solution and technical leadership in
creation and delivery of solutions including technical architecture,
design, build and maintenance of large-scale computing
solutions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;
Responsibilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Analyze enterprise specifics, understand the business
requirements, translate the requirements into project specific solution
design specifications&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Own the solution/design of a
particular solution offering specific to the project&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Spearhead product/application/solution design and
development&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Provide expertise to identify and
translate system requirements into software design
documentation&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Set up the collaboration framework,
create a solution prototype, participate in technology selection,
control solution development, support project management&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Work with product managers to translate requirements into
solutions for engineering managers&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Coordinate with
engineering managers and engineering leads to ensure solutions are
implemented with cohesiveness and integrity, arbitrate key technical
decisions across scrum teams&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Function as the
technical authority for product managers/owners, scrum masters, and
engineering managers&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work with a chief architect
and senior leadership on technical visions and roadmap&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Act as Subject Matter Expert and strategist for solution
product area&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work with technical writers to ensure
quality internal and external client-oriented documentation&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Build and maintain repository for deliverables, methodologies,
and business development documents&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Interface and
coordinate tasks with internal and external technical
resources.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Collaborate with Project Managers and technical directors to
provision estimates, develop overall implementation solution plan, and
serve as a lead as required, to implement the installation,
customization, and integration efforts&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Oversee
aspects of project life cycle, from initial kickoff through requirements
analysis, design and implementation phases for projects within the
solution area&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Provide quality assurance for
services within the solution area&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Desired Profile:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;BE/B.Tech/ME/M.Tech in CS or other
branches of engineering&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Bachelor's or Master's
degrees in Computer science, Mathematics, or any other quantitative
discipline&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience in developing JAVA based
applications&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong knowledge of object-oriented
programming concepts and principles&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Expertise in
Spring-Boot and Spring stack&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience working
with React, Angular, jQuery, HTML5/CSS3, and Bootstrap
frameworks&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Strong knowledge of Microservices,
RESTful API design and development&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Good
understanding of large system architecture and design&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Should have sound knowledge of the AWS cloud environment is a
plus. Needs to have development experience in cloud (Public and
Private)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Working knowledge of big data technologies
like Spark (Scala/Java), Apache Solr, HIVE, MongoDB, Airflow, Oozie,
etc. is a plus&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience using Version Control
tools such as Bitbucket/GIT code repository&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience using Tools like Maven/Jenkins, JIRA&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Experience working in an Agile software delivery environment,
with exposure to continuous integration and continuous delivery
tools&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Passionate about technology and delivering
solutions to solve complex business problems&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Great
collaboration and interpersonal skills&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ability to
work with team members and lead by example in code, feature development,
and knowledge sharing&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Experience with data
streaming technologies would be nice to have&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;HiLabs Total
Rewards&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Competitive Salary,
Accelerated Incentive Policies, H1B sponsorship, Comprehensive benefits
package that includes ESOPs, financial contribution for your ongoing
professional and personal development, medical coverage for you and your
loved ones, 401k, PTOs &amp;amp; a collaborative working environment,
Smart mentorship, and highly qualified multidisciplinary, incredibly
talented professionals from highly renowned and accredited medical
schools, business schools, and engineering institutes.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;br&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; CCPA disclosure notice -
https://www.hilabs.com/privacy&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>Gallega Software Solutions</td>
<td>5c25b53f12a077bf</td>
<td>Senior Software Developers</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;h2
class="jobSectionHeader"&gt;&lt;b&gt;Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; GALLEGA provides a wide range of benefits
such as the following:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;We offer home office environments to all
of our team members&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;Competitive
Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;Participation in Industry Events and Trade
Shows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reward &amp;amp; Recognition
Programs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;Performance Bonus Opportunities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;Home
Office Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;Medical, Dental and Vision Health
Insurance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;
&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;Experience working alongside Industry
leaders on high profile projects&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Today’s Date: 01/06/2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;b&gt;
&lt;/b&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Title:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; Senior Software
Developers&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;
Duties:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; Provide technical leadership to design,
develop, analyze and implement B2B and EDI&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;applications using Sterling File Gateway, Sterling B2B
integrator, Sterling Control Center,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;Sterling Secure Proxy, QSS, EDI ANSI X12/HIPAA Standards,
Oracle, SQL Server, etc; perform&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;requirements gathering, as-is and to-be analysis and
documentation; prepare specifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;documentation; work with team to design system, feasibility,
priorities, etc.; provide technical&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;expertise to optimize, enhance performance; involve in
integrations, migrations, etc.; guide and&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;train junior developers; similar
duties.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;
Requirements:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; BS or foreign equivalent in Computer
Science/Information Systems /&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;Information
Technology/Related AND 5 years of relevant progressive experience
including at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;least 3 years’ experience in
IBM Sterling File Gateway and Sterling B2B Integrator OR MS
or&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;foreign equivalent in above and 3 years’
experience in IBM Sterling File Gateway and Sterling&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;B2B Integrator&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Hours/Other Details:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; Full time,
Travel/relocation involved to client locations within
the&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;US.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;b&gt;
&lt;/b&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;b&gt; Respond to:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; HR,
Gallega Software Solutions, Inc, 625 Union Hill Road, Alpharetta,
GA&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt; &lt;b&gt;30004. Position is eligible for
employee referral program.&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>FlexIT Inc</td>
<td>1a7dcbb8186b9c24</td>
<td>Sr. Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;The role on the team will
include:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Participate in the design and development of a technical
solution that meets the needs of the business and aligns with
architectural and quality standards, and effectively integrates
solutions delivered with adjacent and tertiary
solutions/technologies.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Independently identifies,
defines, directs, and/or performs analysis to resolve complex, issues in
their area(s) of expertise.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Reviews, analyzes, and
modifies programming systems, including coding, testing, debugging, and
installing for a variety of systems.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Ensures the
effective performance of assigned product(s) and their integration with
adjacent solutions/technologies.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Develops working
knowledge of tertiary domains.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Helps define the
scope of sprints.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Contributes to the vision for
technical solutioning.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>senior software engineer</td>
<td>Toronto, ON</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>Routefusion</td>
<td>fe903c358bdb1bec</td>
<td>Senior Software Engineer</td>
<td>&lt;div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;About Routefusion:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; Routefusion is the first embeddable
cross-border-payments-as-a-service company founded by software engineers
for software engineers. Routefusion's API enables neo-banks, payroll
providers, platforms, and marketplaces to begin offering cross-border
payments to their customers in as quickly as two days. With a single
integration, Routefusion customers have access to more than seven
different banking and FX providers. In February 2021, the company closed
$3.6 million in seed funding, led by Silverton Partners with additional
participation from Initialized Capital, NextWorld Capital and William
Hockey, co-founder of Plaid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Routefusion was founded
in 2018 by Colton Seal and Richard Scappaticci and is based in Austin,
TX.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt; Role Overview:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt; We are looki
